Aristaea: battle site.
Aristaea: same.
Aristaea: As.
Aristaea: You might have noticed uber walking out there's a very different area of the forest north of the river and when i've gone through that area, which is tetris I, there is a skeletal hobgoblin or something across the river in that battle ground probably trapped.
Aristaea: In time, or by magic in some sort of massive white filaments and roots like it's a massive kept cocoon.
Aristaea: I.
Aristaea: stared in it too long ones in Parliament might have tried to raise its arm.
Aristaea: The.
Aristaea: battle of endless Derek over a terracotta is just such sense for us that i've never penetrated the tangles to see what five with that battlefield.
Iascaire: sweet.
Iascaire: Good.
Delwath: I was gonna say, do we have any sense of what's at the battle of endless dark.
Delwath: Right, there was no do we have any stories or legends or.
Aristaea: Mr.
Aristaea: minutes were.
Aristaea: To rock up battle.
Aristaea: connoisseur it spirit of butterflies and transformation.
Aristaea: What we can do dragons cotton's oh to rock at the spirit of campfires stream crossing and gathering places who fought a fire giant in the battle of endless dark sun didn't rise for three days.
Iascaire: and
Iascaire: To rocca is the one that i'm the most interested in myself.
Iascaire: Even my connection to fire and if the most difficult part of journey is through the trees.
Iascaire: The trees, perhaps receiving their blessing first.
Iascaire: strengthen us.
Delwath: So the end of the stock first.
Delwath: or the other way is that.
Iascaire: yeah yeah and let's start first if if that's where it is.
Aristaea: Right be more interested to go first.
All right.
Delwath: So a TIM, did you say we can take a long rest.
Timothy Sackton: yeah take a long rest.
Aristaea: of our way to do so.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: But it's gonna take you yeah like a full 24 hours of walking.
Aristaea: I kind of thought we could start stop by the letter E and dark fire, all the way over to where you have us.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, I mean you gotta get up affair.
Timothy Sackton: You gotta get up a decent distance upslope before it's safe to brass.
Timothy Sackton: But.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you could be like more like can I move this.
Delwath: that's like 10 miles that's like maybe 10 miles.
Timothy Sackton: yeah might.
Timothy Sackton: be like quibbling over this 10 miles yes.
Timothy Sackton: I can't seem to move on just draw another one yeah so you could be like you could be like here.
Timothy Sackton: Like there instead.
Timothy Sackton: So you're you're talking about 50 miles, instead of 60 miles.
Timothy Sackton: But it's not going to take you you wake up in the morning and you spend the day traveling and get about halfway there spend the night traveling.
Timothy Sackton: And arrive.
Timothy Sackton: And arrived sort of mid day.
Timothy Sackton: still having to take a few I mean you're not gonna walk for 24 hours straight taking a few short poem right there.
Iascaire: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So you arrive late mid day like around 11 or 11 or something like that.
Timothy Sackton: And as you approach.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: When you get about.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know a couple miles from.
Timothy Sackton: From where you think this battlefield is where.
Timothy Sackton: Mayra stairs traveled before and is leading you the forest gets and you've been traveling through this the non burnt part of the forest, but the book for us gets very thick.
Timothy Sackton: And it starts to get dark, even though it's midday.
Timothy Sackton: And you can see, ahead of you there's there's the forest is just very dense and overgrown and it's.
Timothy Sackton: Night dark in the forest.
Iascaire: and
Iascaire: i'll need to do something to see.
Iascaire: So I will.
Delwath: Try some light.
Iascaire: i've got i've got either dark vision but that's like a spell slot I think I would probably be the producer Lee can trip and just hold it up.
Delwath: I mean that was just something that I don't know what do you, what do you carry a weapon, or you don't really have a weapon.
Iascaire: i've got that little filling nice but yeah.
Timothy Sackton: The end of your.
Timothy Sackton: Day it's got a big bank.
Delwath: right there we go our status Pike it's glowing.
Delwath: glowing white.
Iascaire: How far.
Timothy Sackton: How far in.
Iascaire: yeah we're on the map did that start.
Timothy Sackton: All right, it's just about a mile.
Timothy Sackton: A mile from the battlefield.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so like real close.
Timothy Sackton: So you don't have you don't have that part to go, but now you're sort of.
Timothy Sackton: Pushing your way through this thick forest it's almost a maze.
Timothy Sackton: And it seems like all paths you take lead to the Center you know you you.
Timothy Sackton: You know anywhere you go the forest the sort of.
Timothy Sackton: Little path, but open up to the trees seem to be pushing you towards the middle of the.
Timothy Sackton: towards the middle of the forest let's get something not quite so um.
Timothy Sackton: And you come after.
Timothy Sackton: Here i'll throw on a map here.
Timothy Sackton: You come after.
Timothy Sackton: Oh right it's bigger.
Timothy Sackton: Is that can you see anything I forget how I set this up.
Iascaire: yeah well.
Timothy Sackton: I forgot.
Iascaire: It also told me that my hardware acceleration might not be able to handle it.
Timothy Sackton: yeah how long is how where does the radius of late 20 bright 20.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Why is this not working.
Timothy Sackton: that's weird well you know I don't need to use the.
Timothy Sackton: The dynamic lighting it's too complicated.
Timothy Sackton: Now you can see right.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, but i'm going to put a radius on i'm going to just put a light radius on.
Timothy Sackton: The Pike so that.
Delwath: That was also had a 60 foot dark.
Timothy Sackton: Right.
Timothy Sackton: So, so that that's how far the people without dark vision can see.
Delwath: We can't see that.
Timothy Sackton: changing that.
Timothy Sackton: There now Can you see it.
Iascaire: yeah yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I see.
Delwath: Oh yeah that's right that's.
Timothy Sackton: that's dim light.
Timothy Sackton: So you can see two things as you as you begin to approach, one is that.
Timothy Sackton: There is just dimly in the shadows beyond the the light of the of the light that's glowing on the top of.
Timothy Sackton: Our stands Pike is the skeletal body of a massive giant.
Timothy Sackton: A near that giant.
Timothy Sackton: There is a pool of darkness, that seems.
Timothy Sackton: almost like a well of shadow around the giants.
Timothy Sackton: Are darkness is just spilling out of that.
Delwath: i'm going to cast Armor of.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Delwath: Last for an hour.
Delwath: i'm a pool of darkness like near this giant skeleton.
Timothy Sackton: yeah wait right there.
Delwath: Can I see through it with dark vision.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: No.
Aristaea: I think i'm going to cast protection from evil and good on the Oscar.
Iascaire: Thank you.
Iascaire: Oh wait concentration you didn't love that and then battles.
Aristaea: Now my mind.
Delwath: going to save your concentration for something more fun.
Iascaire: I mean we can.
Iascaire: We can hold on to it, while we're exploring if if there's a chance that it isn't like straight into a battle I guess.
Aristaea: We can see the dead.
Iascaire: yeah.
Aristaea: Think of the last thing we can see.
Iascaire: Right now, and see really easy.
Iascaire: Do we do we see the armband this time around.
Timothy Sackton: there's no there's nothing on the giant that you can see.
Timothy Sackton: And maybe you're too far away right now.
Aristaea: Maybe it's done well in darkness.
Delwath: wow I.
Timothy Sackton: can't see anything on the giant.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you can see, you have I mean it's it's pitch black so it's you know dim light for you, without color so it seems that you can see the giant giant skeleton is like lying there.
Timothy Sackton: there's you know.
Timothy Sackton: seems like an old battlefield right there's other stuff piled around but you'd have to go search to you know actually see staff.
Aristaea: That.
Iascaire: As.
Iascaire: I say I could send my spirit in there, it has better vision than I do, and it's a little more expendable that any of us.
Aristaea: I suppose it can help us find where the armband, and that is that will help us focus.
Timothy Sackton: Time in your spirit.
Iascaire: yeah.
Iascaire: Oh, I.
Iascaire: See.
Iascaire: Do you have control okay so it's got 60 feet of dark vision and i'll be sort of working through it.
Iascaire: You said that is this the pool here that's.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that's the pool of darkness.
Okay.
Iascaire: And is this like in a cave or is just a piece of the forest here.
Timothy Sackton: This is, these are just trees.
Okay.
Iascaire: So.
Timothy Sackton: This is, this is just the forest around here it's just very dense come just you're following a path that that opens up into a small clearing but.
Timothy Sackton: you're going outside this clearing would be difficult terrain yeah the ones.
Iascaire: Okay well i'll start skirting the clearing, I guess, trying to see if these trees kick alive, or if anything else happens, but I want to stay away from the skeleton for the moment.
Timothy Sackton: our guests, so when you get to about there.
Timothy Sackton: You see, like a ghostly hand of a giant starting to reach out of the ground like now to goes lay hands like there's some sort of goes that sort of beginning to pull itself up at.
Timothy Sackton: Around the skeleton yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Right about there and starts to just turn and like look at the wildfire spirit.
Iascaire: I would like break concentration with it for a second and look to my companions and say, well, that seems ominous.
Timothy Sackton: kind of looks looks around a little bit and now pose itself up to full height a giant.
Timothy Sackton: A ghost of a giant maybe 20.
Timothy Sackton: feet 25 feet taller so um.
Timothy Sackton: I guess it's yeah it's probably a huge not large i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Looking around.
Iascaire: seems that seems even more ominous.
Timothy Sackton: eyes that are that pulls itself out of the ground and it says.
Timothy Sackton: In giant.
Iascaire: I don't.
Timothy Sackton: Watch I don't know if any of you speak.
Timothy Sackton: Something else I just kind of looks at you.
Iascaire: huh.
Timothy Sackton: waits for a moment.
um.
Delwath: i'll cast tongues.
Delwath: may regret having this thoughts, but i'll cast.
Delwath: And I will stop Florida little bit.
Delwath: Basically, asked it to repeat itself.
Timothy Sackton: In okay.
Jason you again.
Timothy Sackton: What is.
Timothy Sackton: This collection of mortals doing here.
Timothy Sackton: Why do you disturb my rest.
Timothy Sackton: Have you.
Come.
Timothy Sackton: to settle this fight.
Delwath: I will tell it, we have come to.
Delwath: bring peace to this battlefield and send all the participants back to.
Delwath: A proper rest.
Delwath: not bound to this world anymore.
or trapped here.
Timothy Sackton: So you would punish those who dishonored themselves.
Timothy Sackton: A coward to flag.
Timothy Sackton: and restore righteous honor to this battlefields.
Timothy Sackton: Daniel made, I could rest.
Delwath: don't have any idea what he's talking about.
Timothy Sackton: Now I mean do you.
Aristaea: And this doesn't ring.
Timothy Sackton: A bell like you know that there is a fire giant that fought.
Timothy Sackton: In this battle, supposedly against Tanaka.
Delwath: Tanaka we did fleet Naka died as far as being trapped.
Aristaea: yeah maybe getting trapped in a parallel dimension counts as bullying.
Delwath: Sure we're here to punish those who have flight and bring honor to the battlefield, why not.
Timothy Sackton: Like the ghost kind of.
Timothy Sackton: almost like grains almost in a.
Timothy Sackton: sort of.
Timothy Sackton: Not like a pleasant grid and like a sort of you know.
Timothy Sackton: You know, violent grin and like you can see now.
Timothy Sackton: You know in in the.
Timothy Sackton: And that goes to this like massive like like ghostly great sword like massive great sword, and it lifts that up and it like put that in the ground and it's now like it's like sinking slowly into the ground, make it speed in the tip of the sword or below the ground.
Timothy Sackton: Does coward hop goblins.
Timothy Sackton: lead their nods to the portal.
Timothy Sackton: They will not come out and face me.
Delwath: Being that darkness place.
Timothy Sackton: yeah they left me.
Timothy Sackton: To be slaughtered by the dinner Chi.
Timothy Sackton: abandoning the field of battle.
Timothy Sackton: been hiding ever since.
Timothy Sackton: You will go and face them or draw them out.
Timothy Sackton: I cannot go through.
Timothy Sackton: I am bound to this plane.
Delwath: That bring you peace and free for you from this battlefield.
Timothy Sackton: That will be.
Timothy Sackton: That wall and my vengeance, yes.
Delwath: i'll go ahead so.
Timothy Sackton: cowards must pay.
Delwath: A glance over it.
Delwath: But unless anybody like starts waving your hands like No, this is a terrible idea i'm about to say yes, we will do it.
Iascaire: Do we do we understand.
Delwath: You have no idea what's happening.
Delwath: yeah cuz you don't speak giant fish.
Delwath: I will glance over you and the two of you, and very quickly say.
Delwath: He says the hog goblins flat and they're pointing at the dark hole and they deserve to be.
Delwath: If we.
Delwath: If we go after them and bring them out.
Delwath: pointing at the giant while we just place.
Iascaire: It say.
Iascaire: Maybe asked him about the.
Iascaire: The circuits.
Delwath: We are, I will tell him.
Delwath: That we are on a mission to.
Delwath: cleanse these battlefields and to restore those who fought honorably.
Delwath: To their rightful places, whether it is elsewhere or not, and that we are looking what's the god's name.
Timothy Sackton: Tanaka.
Tanaka.
Delwath: We are looking.
Delwath: For we're looking for to not Tanaka.
Timothy Sackton: terracotta.
Delwath: terracotta.
Delwath: We are looking for rocca is trapped in a black circle is.
Timothy Sackton: No nothing of the spirit gods of this place that does not concern me know of the circle that you speak, however.
Timothy Sackton: wizard.
Timothy Sackton: My troops to a set standstill rather than turning face his enemies.
Timothy Sackton: fled I cut his arm off.
Timothy Sackton: Could not destroy the circuit before I was brought down.
Timothy Sackton: It is buried here.
Timothy Sackton: But I will not let you near it unless you.
Timothy Sackton: bring me peace.
Timothy Sackton: kill that one armed wizard.
Delwath: Do we want to fight a help goblin wizard trapped in the shadow plane, or do we want to fight up frost giant giant ghost.
Iascaire: it's a great question.
Delwath: i've heard for the hobgoblin just because this guy seems like he's dealing honorably with us.
Iascaire: yeah That would be my.
Iascaire: Last you wasted a whole slots so like.
Delwath: Well, I do get the back quickly I couldn't my curiosity got the better of me.
Delwath: yeah I couldn't resist.
Iascaire: me to talk to this guy.
Aristaea: So how do we draw them out of.
Aristaea: That okay.
Delwath: think we just go in.
Iascaire: or.
Aristaea: it's not a one way trip.
Iascaire: Maybe they're hungry, we could set up a campfire I could cook some fish, we could walk that smoke in the darkness and perhaps the hub goblins it come on reddit.
Delwath: Nobody has any planner.
Iascaire: don't think I have played or travel.
Iascaire: No.
Delwath: um.
Delwath: Can you banish yourself.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Delwath: No, I could get us back.
Iascaire: yeah.
Iascaire: Okay.
Aristaea: If we're in the shadows and you vanish yourself from the shadows will end up in the pit before us and said.
yep.
Aristaea: Right charge.
Delwath: native to a different plane of existence, then when you're on the target was banished returns home plane.
Delwath: So I would have to spend some i'd have to.
Delwath: Take a little bit of time, but yeah.
Iascaire: cool.
Delwath: I think we can.
Aristaea: Work all right well as long as we have an interpreter lifeline that.
Aristaea: yeah sure we can.
Aristaea: jump into the world darkness.
Aristaea: pie cursed.
Delwath: um.
Delwath: I mean let's.
Delwath: let's get closer and take a look and see what we see.
Delwath: I mean i'll tell the giant where.
Delwath: we're.
Iascaire: gonna do this.
That we're going to come.
Delwath: know.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so once you sort of agreed to this, it says that.
Timothy Sackton: The wizard pled with a small company, no more than.
Timothy Sackton: six or seven allies.
Timothy Sackton: They were the last hobgoblin standing and.
Timothy Sackton: ran into that plane.
Timothy Sackton: I have not let them leave these hundreds of years since.
Timothy Sackton: They have been afraid we have.
Timothy Sackton: They have not been willing to.
Timothy Sackton: Exit and face my vengeance, and I have not been able to leave this.
Timothy Sackton: plane to fight them.
Timothy Sackton: and none come.
Timothy Sackton: To this forest.
Timothy Sackton: So we are at an impasse, but there are not many of them.
Timothy Sackton: And all I care about is, if you kill the wizard.
Timothy Sackton: You will be obvious, the one with one arm.
Timothy Sackton: bring me his head.
Timothy Sackton: And I can rest on that will show you what you see before I go.
Delwath: mean as an idea if we took a short rest here.
Delwath: And the wizard fail to banish saving throw he would appear in front of the giant right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Delwath: That giant we'd be happy enough if he gets to kill the wisdom self right.
Delwath: um.
Delwath: I will ask the giant if we may rest here safely.
Delwath: briefly.
Delwath: To regain our strength before we go into the to the whole.
Timothy Sackton: You may do as you wish.
Timothy Sackton: The shadows will come for the living like oh is.
Timothy Sackton: It, you will know, faster.
Delwath: He said that.
Timothy Sackton: He said no faster than anywhere else right.
Delwath: But he won't bother us that's all I care about.
Timothy Sackton: I live by my honor and I will die by my honor.
Timothy Sackton: If we have an agreement, you will.
Timothy Sackton: get no trouble for me, unless you should return from that portal without the wizards head.
Delwath: If he happy if we send to the wizard to him i'll just clarify that.
Delwath: i'll ask him or by sending the wizard out of the portal.
Timothy Sackton: If you force the wizard to leave, and I can kill him so much the better.
Delwath: yeah I think if I mean it's awfully tempting to take another short right to take a short route.
To get.
Iascaire: Getting game we've been traveling all day as well.
Iascaire: yeah unreasonable.
Iascaire: Or what we assume it's going to be a big battle.
Delwath: I mean.
Delwath: I have a lot actually have a.
Delwath: yeah I need to do is reduce him to 50 hip under.
Delwath: All I need to do is hit him with a weapon attack, while he has 50 hit points or less.
Delwath: And he will appear back here, no safe.
Iascaire: well.
Delwath: yeah all right let's let's.
Iascaire: that's through your weapon that has a.
Delwath: banishing smite.
Delwath: which does five the 10 force damage and if, after the five to 10 damage she's below 50 points he gets banished back to here.
Iascaire: yea.
Delwath: Though.
Delwath: not bad for this kind of thing.
Iascaire: yeah.
alright.
Delwath: So we're gonna take a short rest.
Delwath: And then we're going to go through.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: You step through.
Timothy Sackton: The portal.
Timothy Sackton: And you emerge.
Timothy Sackton: In.
Timothy Sackton: here.
Timothy Sackton: In a flat feature list plane.
Timothy Sackton: um hold on one SEC sorry.
Iascaire: i'll be back in one minute, if you put some goblins.
Okay.
Delwath: Is that one in the back the wizard.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Iascaire: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So you see.
Timothy Sackton: Here we go.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, I just got to find my notes, here we go okay So you see um it looks like it's a it's a.
Timothy Sackton: You know it's a.
Timothy Sackton: group of.
Timothy Sackton: it's a group of eight hobgoblin is that are.
Timothy Sackton: So so you're in first of all, when you enter the portal you're in this flat featureless plane filled with sort of shattered we messed distances are almost impossible to judge.
Timothy Sackton: You know you're looking out on the horizon, it could be 50 miles away, it could be 500 feet away you really have no idea sounds.
Timothy Sackton: far in the distance.
Timothy Sackton: sort of towards the horizon, although whether that's 500 feet or 20 miles, you cannot really see.
Timothy Sackton: You see what looks like a.
Timothy Sackton: Immense hobgoblin army at least 1000 goblins and they are they seem to be engaged in some battle with shadowy figures around campfires like just little campfires that spring up in the hub goblins move into attack as they close in.
Timothy Sackton: there's nothing there and they look around and then there's the campfires have moved like teleported out when it's like this choreographed dance almost looks like where the hobgoblin seem.
Timothy Sackton: confused somehow um.
Timothy Sackton: But it's hard to see, because this is on the horizon and again it's hard to make any sense of distances here.
Timothy Sackton: You just see these like flickering points of light that are appearing and blinking out and appearing and bleed out.
Iascaire: Is it daylight or.
Timothy Sackton: it's sort of a twilight it's dim light sort of permanently there's no there's no sense of.
Timothy Sackton: A sun in the sky or anything like that.
Timothy Sackton: there's not really any features on the plane there's like miss that blows through occasionally i'm.
Timothy Sackton: sort of close to the portal.
Timothy Sackton: You you see this group of eight hop goblins one this one in the back the wizard who is missing an arm.
Timothy Sackton: A front row.
Timothy Sackton: Of of what look like sort of normal troops and then there's like a lieutenant next to the wizard and a sergeant of some kind, with the troops and they seem.
Timothy Sackton: They look they look like.
Timothy Sackton: almost like freshly winded right like they're the hobgoblin wizard is like leaning against the sergeant almost as if.
Timothy Sackton: He had are leaning against the captain here.
Timothy Sackton: As if he has like just recently been.
Timothy Sackton: wounded.
Timothy Sackton: The hobgoblin some tiles are sort of organized in a defensive formation, as if they expect something to be bursting to the portal at any moment.
Timothy Sackton: When when you emerge, especially when when, God with emerges that they one of the.
Timothy Sackton: hob goblins in the front shouts in hobgoblin.
Timothy Sackton: I think that with these.
Delwath: Problems and hobgoblin of the same.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah same language.
Timothy Sackton: That quick the elven army is coming.
Timothy Sackton: get ready the giants must have fallen.
Timothy Sackton: If they are defeated.
Timothy Sackton: We must flee and they sort of look around it, you you you sort of get the sense that somehow they can't perceive this other hobgoblin army.
Timothy Sackton: Like from the conversation you get the sense they think they're the only ones here.
Timothy Sackton: Though the wisdom, the back shots only that damn giant hadn't taken my armband I could seminar allies.
Timothy Sackton: Somehow the other portal must never have opened don't know where they are.
Timothy Sackton: And then the captain is like form up troops let's fight them anyway.
Delwath: um can we like do something, while they're doing all.
This.
Delwath: I mean, do we have, we should make can we take like a minute to plan.
yeah.
Iascaire: So you were thinking of trying to distance banishment.
To style.
Delwath: I mean that's like the that's like the that's the one shot, the whole encounter approach.
Iascaire: yeah.
Delwath: But it is a DC 17 charisma safe.
Delwath: How good a charisma, do we think a wizard is likely to have I mean he may be he's a sorcerer, in which case it'll probably be tough but.
Iascaire: yeah he's a service or or lock, it would be.
Delwath: But if he's a wizard.
Delwath: You know there's like, and I can target to targets.
Delwath: So I could try and ban or something else to just to have fewer annoying things.
Iascaire: yeah I mean if you could do him in the captain that might be something that that.
night.
Delwath: It, it is a concentration they but who knows, they may immediately pop back to their native plane of existence, so maybe the giant kills them quickly and then even if my concentration goes down.
Delwath: It doesn't it doesn't matter right i'm bashing smite is a little bit more reliable, if I can get in combat and I need to hit by it, as long as I hit ban.
Delwath: It.
Delwath: Less than 50, and so I mean my my basic plan was the thing wow.
Delwath: Basically, to.
Delwath: Go after them.
Delwath: I mean try to remote the range banish first if that fails.
Delwath: Try and just.
Delwath: Get within melee of the wizard right.
Delwath: yeah which might require some help from I mean we need to like try and get the bad guys out of the other guys out of the way right like.
Aristaea: Otherwise, their path.
Aristaea: help you fight and run through.
Delwath: I mean that was sort of my thinking is anybody has spells that will help.
Iascaire: It might be able to isolate some with a wall of fire.
Delwath: Like if you could isolate a box of them with a wall of fire right and then go after the wizard I mean that that's sort of my basic Plan B that.
Delwath: yeah try a banish to start and then.
Delwath: And then just.
Delwath: Go after the.
Delwath: Go after the wizard with.
Delwath: try and get him with banishing smite.
Iascaire: yeah.
Delwath: And if I kill him by accident or if we kill him by accident, no harm right.
Delwath: The only thing that's a little bit scary is that we'll have to take a long rest.
Delwath: Here, some short rest here somewhere to get back unless the portal works.
Aristaea: So you are all of us.
Delwath: Just me.
Delwath: But to get my banish so I need to get back my to spell slot so that I can cast banish on ourselves.
Iascaire: Right, so if you didn't do the range fetish.
Iascaire: You wouldn't need to do that.
Delwath: If the banishing spite work.
Delwath: Correct yeah right Assembly, I could save us bow for the non right, I mean I could save a slot on the theory that a short rest here is scary.
Iascaire: Right I.
Iascaire: mean I could assuming that well we don't have to drop on them we'd have to go into turn order, yes I have advantage on initiative.
Iascaire: I could potentially get that wall of fire quicker if, like, if I could go before if I wound up going before you.
Iascaire: Right, I think the wall of fire up before we.
Iascaire: Try this spell slot.
Delwath: yeah, I think, maybe.
Delwath: me I don't know there's a certain appeal and just one shot in the whole thing.
But yeah.
Delwath: there's also a non trivial I mean it's hard to know what his savings.
Iascaire: yeah, of course.
Delwath: DC 17 I mean if it was me a fairly high level warlock with a high charisma, it would be less than 5050 shot now he's probably why that it out, he has, I mean I doubt he's a plus nine.
Delwath: But if it's a plus seven it's still a it's a 5050.
Iascaire: Okay okay well let's yeah let's let's try it then we'll roll initiative and wherever we land we land on that, I guess, if I.
Timothy Sackton: If you if you do want to reorder you're in it so.
Timothy Sackton: After order that you go matters, you can.
Timothy Sackton: anybody can move their initiative down to whatever they want that's first turn.
Delwath: Right well Dallas gonna go last anyway.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yes grades up first.
Iascaire: Okay, then I would build a circular wall of fire.
Delwath: mean can you close yes that's.
Iascaire: Good I don't know if that's the right size exactly yet, but like I could.
Iascaire: Do basically bad.
Timothy Sackton: How many how many squares.
Timothy Sackton: Can it be.
Iascaire: yeah let me double check.
Iascaire: Well, fire.
Iascaire: So it can be up to 20 feet in diameter, so I think that it's just a little bit bigger than it should be.
Iascaire: or no wait.
No.
Iascaire: No it's good yeah.
Timothy Sackton: You could enclose all of them.
Delwath: 20 feet diameter not 20 feet radius.
Iascaire: Right yeah.
Timothy Sackton: No, I yeah so.
Delwath: yeah I think I bought a little too big.
Delwath: Right.
Timothy Sackton: Now that you don't have to build that.
The.
Iascaire: Oh no yeah TIM, you were measuring you are measuring radius.
Delwath: Yes, 20 foot diameter.
Iascaire: diameter is all the way for us so.
Iascaire: it's just a little.
Delwath: tiny bit smaller than that, but you should still be able to get.
Iascaire: Almost.
Delwath: Like realistically would still get everybody, except that one guy at the top.
Iascaire: Is that better.
Delwath: Yes, that's.
Iascaire: Right.
Delwath: Can you move that.
yeah.
Delwath: yeah because if you just move it to the last little bit, you should be able to get up there.
Iascaire: This the smaller circle.
Delwath: It needs to be tight.
Delwath: yeah.
Iascaire: Beautiful yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So where do you want it like.
Iascaire: drop it so that you can hold, as many of those Dudes is can.
Delwath: go down just a little bit yeah perfect.
So if we're gonna.
Timothy Sackton: Do they get a slow, although actually so that's what you're casting.
Iascaire: that's what i'm casting.
Delwath: he's gonna counter spell.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, can I can or style.
Delwath: That uses reaction so maybe I should finish him.
Iascaire: yeah I don't think there's anything else.
Timothy Sackton: yeah 60 feet.
Iascaire: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I mean counter spells and you.
Delwath: get a dozen you have to roll for.
Timothy Sackton: Oh cuz that's level four that's right he does after.
Iascaire: The fourth level yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Somewhere okay so as you begin casting he.
Timothy Sackton: turns around and counter cast counter spell makes a symbol, with his hands to stop your spell and sort of looks looks around at his allies and.
Timothy Sackton: What is it that he has to roll.
Delwath: 14 DC.
Delwath: On his spell casting he rolls and ability check using a spell casting.
Timothy Sackton: And it's.
Delwath: it's a level four spell.
Timothy Sackton: So it's for.
Delwath: PC is 10 plus dispels level.
Timothy Sackton: Now he fails.
Iascaire: Right.
Iascaire: So yeah that goes up, and let me actually cast it.
Iascaire: copy that text over as well.
Delwath: I think the ones that passes through get a safe right.
Iascaire: Each creature within its area must make a dixie.
Timothy Sackton: So, so the way it works is when it appears.
Timothy Sackton: Just the two it passes through have to make a save.
Timothy Sackton: everybody else if they end their turn inside the circle, or if they move through it on their turn, has to make it safe.
Iascaire: Or if they enter it for the first time on their turn, so that would be.
Like starting with.
Delwath: One so you pick so I assume you're damaging the inside, not the outside.
Iascaire: yeah the insiders the.
Timothy Sackton: So to.
Timothy Sackton: Two decks days.
Timothy Sackton: That one fails.
Timothy Sackton: OK, so the captain so it's 29 damage.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, this this hobgoblin soldier here is killed by it.
Okay.
Iascaire: I am going to move a little bit as well.
Delwath: yeah we probably shouldn't we should ideally not stay bunched up for when he casts is.
This one says fireball.
Iascaire: yeah.
Iascaire: I think he's probably going to target me if he's next step, or something but yeah that's.
Iascaire: It is what it is.
Iascaire: Oh, he can.
Timothy Sackton: cast a spell and he's gonna fly 60 feet into the air.
Timothy Sackton: And then fly let's.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, why 60 feet in the air and that's going to end the wizards turn.
Iascaire: he's just straight up.
Timothy Sackton: Just straight up.
Timothy Sackton: 60 feet in the air.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: These hop goblins aren't good at this aren't going to run through the wall to get out of it.
Timothy Sackton: So they all.
Timothy Sackton: Do they get a safe for half if they run through it, I don't think so right.
Iascaire: As Britt.
Delwath: nope.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so they all take.
Iascaire: A nice.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, well, the first one, the first one runs through and dies yeah there they can't they're trapped here.
Delwath: But they're gonna.
Delwath: Take the damage when they turn ends to their debt.
Timothy Sackton: Right now, so these two are going to sort of huddle here.
Timothy Sackton: This lieutenant is going to run out.
Timothy Sackton: back this way.
Timothy Sackton: He is beefier does not die, and this guy is outside because he.
Timothy Sackton: Was not trapped within it.
Delwath: But these two guys take the damage if they end their turn within 10.
Timothy Sackton: I now.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Iascaire: But they don't know that yes.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know that.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Delwath: 60 feet up.
Yet.
Delwath: wow yeah take us to go before the captain.
Timothy Sackton: Day and they're turns and they get burned up by the.
Timothy Sackton: spell and then.
Timothy Sackton: So the captain hasn't recap this this guy here hasn't taken any damage.
Delwath: So he's 60 feet straight up from there.
Delwath: yeah basically.
yep.
Delwath: Okay, so how far is.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: it's your turn.
Aristaea: All right, I move 30 feet closer to they're.
Aristaea: trying to get towards millay.
Timothy Sackton: You can always dash.
Aristaea: Okay.
Aristaea: I can get all the way to the bank.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So that ends your turn.
Timothy Sackton: So the captain is now going to run out and take damage and Stan come over here near the.
Timothy Sackton: near the wizard.
Timothy Sackton: Down with.
Delwath: Okay.
Delwath: Unfortunately fly his concentration and banishing smite his concentration.
Delwath: So I could fly after him, but then I won't be able to banishing smite him, unless I just.
Delwath: bow but I probably would be hard to get an attack off.
Delwath: i'm just going to banish him.
Timothy Sackton: what's the range on vanish.
Delwath: 60 feet, but if I buy preggers pay a factor state like it's because of the triangle right he's not he's 80 feet.
Delwath: of me now so i'm not going to recalculate exactly, but if I move to like here, presumably he's within 60 feet.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yes.
Delwath: And then, which of these guys's on damaged.
Timothy Sackton: No he's not he can't be within 60 feet unless you're directly under him because the iPod news is always longer than.
Timothy Sackton: me he's 60 feet straight up, you have to be the only way, you can.
Now.
Timothy Sackton: buy iPod news is always longer than either of the other teeth and the longest, of the other side's.
Delwath: Oh yes, yes it's last year it is less than your I do need to probably do.
Delwath: it's less than the than the.
Timothy Sackton: song.
Timothy Sackton: it's not bad.
Iascaire: But it's not the.
Iascaire: sound like yeah.
Delwath: But it yeah Okay, so I can't.
Timothy Sackton: get up, you have to be directly underneath.
Delwath: I can't get that close to him, especially not without while getting lots of well fire damage I don't really want to do.
Delwath: How much did that was like 30 feet.
Timothy Sackton: That was that's 30 feet of move to get there.
Delwath: there's no point, why is it, why has a 60 foot.
Timothy Sackton: Why has a 60 foot move yes.
Delwath: But there's no point in Okay, I guess i'm gonna.
Iascaire: I could drop the firewall when I see you're moving that way i've heard them all die so it's concentration, I can do it immediately.
Delwath: yeah I still can't get underneath them I don't have enough.
Timothy Sackton: You could I mean right you could get on your.
Delwath: knees him but he's gonna go ahead yeah.
Delwath: I can't catch it right.
Iascaire: Could you could you.
Iascaire: ask why and.
Delwath: yeah i'm just gonna cash flow, I mean I could like hit him with a sword right, but if i'm going to cast fly i'm better off.
Delwath: If i'm gonna bother casting fly, because if we're doing it this way.
Timothy Sackton: I mean unfortunately doesn't matter you still get your 30 feet of move.
Delwath: Does it do you any good to be able to fly.
Iascaire: No.
Delwath: you're too far away.
Delwath: It can't make you fly to Oh yes, I could, I know I can't i'd have to cast fly first that would work.
Timothy Sackton: Is that touch.
touch.
Iascaire: Oh, I mean if you want to make me fleischer.
Iascaire: Like if you just get an extra one.
Iascaire: I get.
Delwath: Two extra ones, but we all dispersed.
Iascaire: probably continue to be dispersed, now that we should continue to be dispersed i'm just gonna cast.
Delwath: there's probably no point i'd rather go i'd rather get close to him, like if I.
Iascaire: Go.
Delwath: i'm gonna just gonna cast fly.
And then.
Delwath: Go diagonally up towards him.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so that'll put you.
Delwath: But i'm only going to use 60 feet of my move, because then i'm going to i'll just blasting.
Timothy Sackton: know your Captain fly.
Delwath: Can trip.
Delwath: As you're actually right, of course, that's my action So yes, I will I will only use it to get my move because I cast flies play action.
Timothy Sackton: Right, so you can go.
Timothy Sackton: So how high up about putting you.
Delwath: i'm 60 feet I don't know like.
Delwath: If I went 60 fi.
45.
Iascaire: firewall.
Iascaire: I gotta drop.
Iascaire: A firewall so it doesn't get burned.
Timothy Sackton: I would say you're 30 feet over 30 feet up.
Timothy Sackton: yeah 4040 feet up it's a proc.
Timothy Sackton: Yet not yet.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, your turn the warlord wait.
Delwath: I will explain curse is he within 30 feet.
Delwath: 40 feet up.
No.
Delwath: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: This guy is going to close in on.
Timothy Sackton: His ally here.
Timothy Sackton: So they are at least together.
Timothy Sackton: He is going to make three long sword attacks.
Iascaire: or cheese.
Timothy Sackton: that's a 16 against our stay, I think that Mrs.
Timothy Sackton: that's a 25 that hits.
Timothy Sackton: Which is going to be a total.
Timothy Sackton: Total of 17 points of damage.
Aristaea: To the 25 come from a critical it's like.
Timothy Sackton: No just a high role, and then a 15 so that Mrs.
Timothy Sackton: 25 total.
Timothy Sackton: And that will and.
Timothy Sackton: His turn back to.
Timothy Sackton: The Oscar I.
Delwath: I anything you can do to damage the guy.
Iascaire: Right.
Delwath: i'm 40 feet up to so.
Iascaire: I will cass.
Iascaire: Oh sorry.
Iascaire: yeah I will try a.
Iascaire: Now.
Iascaire: i'm gonna bring my.
Iascaire: My token oh.
Iascaire: I can make it appear up to.
Timothy Sackton: i'm just going to move you all backwards, so that we have a little bit more maneuvering where i'm here.
Iascaire: Sure yeah.
Iascaire: Oh yeah this should have been sorry.
Iascaire: Okay, so that's 30 feet for me there.
Iascaire: and
Iascaire: i'll have it to the.
Iascaire: what's it got it's got 30 feet of movement so 510 1520 2530.
Iascaire: And then just a.
Iascaire: fling seeds so that's got 60 feet range I gonna have to go just for this guy this turn.
yeah.
Delwath: TIM he's he's 60 feet up.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yeah.
25.
Timothy Sackton: So he's 32 feet away from you right now.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, OK flame that hats.
This guy.
Iascaire: and
Timothy Sackton: Now.
Iascaire: That didn't work that should a gun five plus my proficiency bonus so plus four so nine.
Iascaire: Nine fire damage that guy.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Iascaire: He takes fire damage.
Timothy Sackton: yeah he looks pretty hard at this point.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, and this guy is going to a.
Timothy Sackton: drop a fireball 20 feet off the ground right in between the two of you.
Timothy Sackton: So both of you have to make a deck saving throw.
Iascaire: The two of you is them.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah the two of them dealt with and.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, both of those fail.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so you take so TAO it takes 30 points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: resume or stay, it takes 15 because you're resistant to fire damage.
Delwath: said 30.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: And then he's gonna fly.
Timothy Sackton: 20 feet that way and 40 and 40 feet up.
Delwath: So how far away, is he now from me.
Timothy Sackton: So he is 4860.
Delwath: He was out okay so he's 40.
Timothy Sackton: he's 70 feet away from you.
Iascaire: TIM could could my token have moved closer as well during my trip.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah.
Iascaire: Okay sorry about that.
Timothy Sackton: yeah move you wherever you want.
Timothy Sackton: and concentration, save for fly.
Timothy Sackton: That ends the wizards turn.
Timothy Sackton: The hobgoblin is going to take a swing at our staff.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you keep fly.
Right.
Delwath: But it doesn't really matter because.
Delwath: Ellen my second rule is pretty bad.
Timothy Sackton: The hobgoblin is gone to make an attempt to hit our staff.
Timothy Sackton: That is for these guys are rolling or.
Timothy Sackton: So so.
Timothy Sackton: That ends the hall goblins turn and say you're up.
Aristaea: All right, I have mine directly with me with.
Aristaea: My my.
Timothy Sackton: Ah i'm, though.
Timothy Sackton: that Mrs the warlord.
Timothy Sackton: Or the captain.
Aristaea: Well, I try again.
Timothy Sackton: that's.
Aristaea: Right.
Aristaea: Alright, so I.
Aristaea: pick him and make him.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So this might does an extra today assuming you're using a first level slot.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: OK, so now, the CAP so role that's my damage and all.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, eight smite damage.
Aristaea: that's one day.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, good well.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: The captain.
Timothy Sackton: Or the surgeon here is going to run their.
Delwath: attack.
Delwath: You can be okay there.
Timothy Sackton: Twice with his great sword.
Timothy Sackton: that's.
Timothy Sackton: 21 to hit what's your AC.
19.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so that does.
Timothy Sackton: nine plus.
Timothy Sackton: That does 23 points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: And that is second attack is a 20 that one only does.
Timothy Sackton: 13 points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: And that and the captain or the surgeons turn.
Delwath: doe it, I will go 60 feet straight towards him and now.
Delwath: 20 feet away.
Delwath: yeah I will explain curse him.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Delwath: And then I will.
Delwath: I will i'll just blast them.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So I just say you're 100 feet up.
Delwath: As a 14 hit.
Timothy Sackton: No.
Delwath: Man, he has a good AC for a wizard wizard.
Timothy Sackton: Does a nice job accident, yes, that.
Delwath: Is a 23 hit.
Yes.
Timothy Sackton: He has a he has a 15 AC plus two ducks and a drummer.
Delwath: So he takes seven plus four so he takes 11 damage.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Jason jack.
Timothy Sackton: lab.
Timothy Sackton: Does this mean.
Iascaire: The headset damage to or no.
Delwath: yeah that's why it's.
Timothy Sackton: Plus that adds the proficiency.
Delwath: So I rolled a seven plus four was 11.
Delwath: Damage it's i'll just blast I don't get a bonus, I have no plus two male just lost damaged backs.
Timothy Sackton: Oh God that is your turn.
Delwath: I don't normally i'll just blast I normally fight with a sword is just to feed our reach next turn, though.
Delwath: yeah unless he just I mean if he does 60 feet straight away from me then i'll have to I would be hard to catch it but.
yeah.
Delwath: or 60 feet straight up like.
Delwath: he'd have to go like straight up to.
Iascaire: Any direction he goes 60 feet from you will be.
Timothy Sackton: Our Lord has gone.
yeah.
Delwath: it's a little tricky because I can get closer to him a few feet each chart as long as they were not directly.
Timothy Sackton: filling in a state one 818 but stay with your AC is 19 you said.
Aristaea: mm hmm.
Timothy Sackton: So the first warlord attack, Mrs natural one, second one, Mrs.
Delwath: I remember one you think.
Timothy Sackton: Is a 93.
Timothy Sackton: So battle third one hits.
Aristaea: Okay i'm gonna be dead now.
Aristaea: Oh now.
Delwath: you're getting tested.
Aristaea: and tested, I cannot and I couldn't help myself to beating it back to my turn for me to heal myself.
Delwath: that's bad.
yep.
Delwath: Can somebody help you.
Iascaire: I can yeah.
Timothy Sackton: The warlord is going to do a total of.
Timothy Sackton: 21 points of damage.
Aristaea: But I only had eight left, so I really don't care.
Timothy Sackton: just turn.
Timothy Sackton: asked her you're up.
Iascaire: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: As dad goes down under like a series of pounding blows from these hobgoblin just lined up.
Timothy Sackton: routing each other to.
Timothy Sackton: enhance the the power of their attacks organized Marshall formation just hacking away.
Iascaire: TIM Is this a moment where I would know from your House rules sheet that if I bring her up, they will murder her permanently.
Iascaire: Ah it's that that kind of thing.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, he is what yeah they will.
Timothy Sackton: They are not these aren't they're not gonna they're not going to give you any mercy here, although she go there's one hobgoblin in the initiative order before our standard goes.
Iascaire: yeah.
Aristaea: I mean if you don't know what's the plan.
Iascaire: also true.
Iascaire: OK, I will.
Iascaire: Pass.
Iascaire: I will cast a feeling or.
Timothy Sackton: what's the range of that.
Iascaire: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Is that 60.
Iascaire: or 31 is are actually wait Cubans might be much better.
Iascaire: But I might.
Delwath: lose is better, but you have to get your creature.
Delwath: Next era right.
Iascaire: I don't think I can test touch out of the creature.
Timothy Sackton: Now I think it's just it's just if it's not as long as it's not self right.
Iascaire: Oh, as long as self.
Iascaire: Sorry just have to find it.
Timothy Sackton: A range, other than South the spoken originated from your wildfire spirit.
Iascaire: cool okay so, then I will move the spirit.
Iascaire: there.
Iascaire: And I will cast.
Delwath: Up cast it a bit so that she points to make it to her next to her turn.
Iascaire: yeah i'll cast it fifth level.
Iascaire: that's this.
Iascaire: 130 and then there's going to be a D 10 on that too.
Iascaire: Or is it a da.
Iascaire: da da.
Iascaire: So 38.
Timothy Sackton: useful.
Iascaire: yeah.
Aristaea: I do I.
Timothy Sackton: Just click he'll.
Timothy Sackton: Just yeah.
But 38 and.
Timothy Sackton: he'll it'll reset you from your death saves.
Iascaire: And then TIM that's so that's my.
Timothy Sackton: Access your action it can still do stuff.
Iascaire: It can still do stuff so.
Iascaire: You sort of have a you've seen this before.
Iascaire: Our last day and you have a moment to resist if you want, but the spirit is about to pick you up and teleport.
Iascaire: If.
Iascaire: If you're not resisting it will move you.
Okay.
Iascaire: So.
we're gonna move.
Iascaire: yeah.
Iascaire: We will move 15 the.
Iascaire: back towards of the black portal so.
Timothy Sackton: start there.
yeah.
Iascaire: And the three hop goblins need to make deck saves.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: That is what's the DC.
Iascaire: PC is myself safe, which is great, but I need find out where that is.
Timothy Sackton: 1815 2017 so the middle one succeeds.
Iascaire: Okay, so it doesn't take damage for other ones will take.
Iascaire: nine five.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, the sergeant as fiery teleportation explodes the sergeant falls down dad.
Timothy Sackton: Nice and the hobgoblin is is wounded and that, but the captain here, just as, like you know rallies his his friend over here and it's like we can still take them.
Iascaire: And yesterday will also move again 510 1520 2530 I guess.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: let's see.
Timothy Sackton: Whether it's turn.
Timothy Sackton: Here is going to move.
Timothy Sackton: The weight your.
Timothy Sackton: Top.
Delwath: And 10 feet from him.
Right.
Timothy Sackton: Very high can't do what he wanted to do.
Delwath: could fly down.
Timothy Sackton: No he wanted to get you, and this is Gray, and a lightning bolt but it only goes 100 feet and your your much longer than that concern so high in the sky.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, he is he is going to.
Timothy Sackton: See you.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: he's gonna move 12345.
Timothy Sackton: No other direction 123456.
Timothy Sackton: And a.
Delwath: Half has moved right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Delwath: Right is he going up at all.
Timothy Sackton: And then he is going to go.
Timothy Sackton: Then he's gonna go off.
Timothy Sackton: So is now 130 feet up.
Delwath: So hold on 25.
Timothy Sackton: And then he's gonna shoot a lightning bolt got here.
Delwath: And he's 30 feet above me he said.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Delwath: What was he you know, he was pretty close before.
Timothy Sackton: us close before he's trying to circle around you back to.
Timothy Sackton: His allies over here.
Delwath: hey yeah yeah okay.
Delwath: deck saves aren't that good.
Timothy Sackton: So deck save for lightning bolt.
Timothy Sackton: That succeeds.
Timothy Sackton: So you take.
Timothy Sackton: Ah 33 reduced to 16.
Delwath: Okay that's not not loving that.
Timothy Sackton: Another concept.
Delwath: that that was not a concept that was the wrong day.
Delwath: There we go.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: That ends it's turned the hobgoblin to.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Delwath: How many feet above me, is it it's 30 feet above me right now.
yeah.
Delwath: So I can't get to it.
Delwath: it's only 45 feet away from me.
Timothy Sackton: right because he is trying to circle.
Timothy Sackton: circle actors our eyes.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: hobgoblin is going to ah.
Timothy Sackton: I guess charge forward.
Timothy Sackton: and make a long sword attack.
Aristaea: That is a natural 22 critical head.
Timothy Sackton: Right that's true so it's still heads, but he doesn't eat double damage.
Timothy Sackton: So you only take five points of damage.
Iascaire: You got the adamantium Armor or is that a the racial trait.
Timothy Sackton: that's out of it and.
Iascaire: I just got that in my other game, a little while ago, I like.
Timothy Sackton: it's your turn now.
Aristaea: Okay, so.
Aristaea: i'm seeing how fast my so it's healing and.
Timothy Sackton: lay on hands as an action.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, but you can do a lot of healing So if you do 40 points of healing that's kind of worth it for action on the other hand.
Timothy Sackton: The hobgoblin you know the hop goblins have less than 30 hit points because the wall of fire took them out, and this guy's wound and so he's got to have less than like 20 points left, of course, the.
Timothy Sackton: Captain over here is stronger.
Aristaea: wizard is still flying around.
Timothy Sackton: And the wizard is still flying around and coming in your direction.
Aristaea: Is it I don't think.
Iascaire: i'm touch ugly hi.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, the wizard is way out, I mean it's 130 pm.
Timothy Sackton: is also asked a lot of spell so far so and He presumably spent some spell slots in the battle before, which is why you can't cast them as high level spells.
Aristaea: Alright well.
Aristaea: So.
Aristaea: yeah i'm just.
Delwath: Nobody has any crazy, I mean, unfortunately.
Delwath: I probably can't take another fireball or white.
Timothy Sackton: Ah it's your turn our.
Delwath: yeah, so I will close the combat.
Aristaea: How far is telling me.
Timothy Sackton: That with is like 100 120 feet something like that.
Aristaea: Okay.
Delwath: That i'm 100 to eat up and 30 feet over.
Aristaea: Well, if you fall down in the ground we keep.
Iascaire: After it immediately fails to death saves for.
Timothy Sackton: ya know you're now 130.
Delwath: Okay, so that's.
Delwath: Right.
Delwath: So 100 and.
Timothy Sackton: So you're.
Timothy Sackton: you're 100 and it's basically 130 feet away you're so high up that the short distance along the ground doesn't matter.
Delwath: I have a little little right triangle calculator up here but.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: There must be a decent role 20 plugin that calculate.
calculate.
Timothy Sackton: This for you.
Delwath: But, finally I get to do stuff to have.
yeah.
Delwath: But i'm just gonna attack him cuz i'm really good at attacking.
Delwath: He could family he could fail, a.
Timothy Sackton: You could fail it's concentrations they.
Timothy Sackton: fell.
Delwath: On his he's gonna he's gonna be taking quite a bit of damage.
Delwath: That bubble 20 no, I know, but it was it was balanced on a 20.
fell over to be.
Delwath: A whoops okay well that's my.
Delwath: My second attack, Mrs i didn't need to roll it yet, but i'm hold on I might not i'm pause on that Mr attack.
Delwath: I do 14 damage.
Delwath: It actually mean to attack him with that, yet I want to see if he felt safe, I also want to see.
Delwath: But 14 probably is not that much.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, he succeeds it safe.
Timothy Sackton: hold on I just I was the wrong guy but.
Delwath: That was not a very good turn.
Delwath: there's not much else, I can do.
Delwath: My hold on i'm just trying to look at one thing.
Delwath: You can't change a.
Probably not what.
Delwath: I need to get advantage somehow.
Delwath: I am.
Delwath: lightning bolts me again.
Delwath: Oh, I can do.
Iascaire: You have counter stuff.
Now.
Iascaire: that's a warlock staple.
Delwath: yeah I probably should have character style.
Actually.
Delwath: yeah.
Delwath: it's probably would be a good smell to pick up.
Delwath: I am.
Delwath: i'm going to cast sanctuary on myself.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Delwath: i'm gonna be good until I attack him again next turn but, at least if he tries to spell me with something that isn't.
Delwath: whitening or fireball it won't work.
Delwath: Maybe well okay.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, he is going to.
Timothy Sackton: Oh it's the warlord's turn now the world's going to close in on.
Timothy Sackton: Our staff.
Timothy Sackton: and
Delwath: Damage he doesn't walk to the, how does the walk, by the way, he's taken 24 points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: He looks wounded.
Timothy Sackton: Not badly badly wounded.
Delwath: So not like bloodied.
Timothy Sackton: Not bloody 18.
Timothy Sackton: Your what seriously again.
Timothy Sackton: 19 Okay, so that Mrs.
Timothy Sackton: that's a that hits.
Timothy Sackton: So that's gonna be.
Timothy Sackton: a plus.
Timothy Sackton: 23 points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: And then that's a.
Timothy Sackton: And that's gonna be six points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: That ends warlords turn.
Delwath: Can you do anything 140 feet away Probably not.
Iascaire: I cannot.
Delwath: I mean if you're directly under I mean you could get within 120 but.
Iascaire: I.
Delwath: I mean not that many spells have 120 foot range.
Iascaire: he's only 120 right now.
Delwath: wow now if you put your full move to be like here.
Iascaire: Oh sorry, oh no wait he's only 120.
Delwath: Oh no sorry he's 135 or 110 I thought we were 100 to 430.
Timothy Sackton: he's 130 feet in the air, so I don't think there's much.
Delwath: I forgot, I thought we were 100 feet off.
Iascaire: yeah.
Iascaire: yeah no I can't do it.
Iascaire: So I will.
Iascaire: Okay, I will cast heat metal on the on the big ern actually.
Iascaire: yeah i'll cast heat metal on the big guy.
Guy.
Iascaire: what's he got Armor he's in place.
Iascaire: yep.
Iascaire: i'm gonna do it.
Iascaire: Second, level.
Iascaire: i'm going to do its third level.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Class here cluster one da.
Iascaire: plus the one day right.
Timothy Sackton: You see, as his Armor just start to glow and he's starting to look like pretty uncomfortable say has disadvantage on Allah tax.
Iascaire: And then.
Iascaire: i'm going to.
Iascaire: move to bear with the.
Iascaire: With the wildfire spirit and i'm going to try to do the same thing again teleport.
Iascaire: us but I got in feet.
Iascaire: So that's.
Iascaire: Five and 15 to cure I guess.
Timothy Sackton: 12 and.
Timothy Sackton: 14 they both failed their saves.
Iascaire: Okay.
Iascaire: So they both take seven fire damage from that and Thursday if you come with me, then you don't take it.
Aristaea: By right well rather rather not take fire damage this year.
Iascaire: And i've.
Iascaire: tried about this number would try to put her behind because I I was up above her so trying to put her behind the fire spirits, they have to come through spirit.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Iascaire: yeah and then.
Iascaire: Yes, Korea 35 and 20.
Iascaire: I guess there well I kind of yeah 25.
Iascaire: i'm like underneath of no i'm not.
Iascaire: i'm ready here I guess.
Iascaire: For me.
Timothy Sackton: I wizards turn i'm learning how to spell slots here we're just gonna go with.
Timothy Sackton: underway.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: So Constitution saving throw.
Delwath: That targeting me.
yeah.
Delwath: You see 17 with me check.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, because.
Delwath: I can't thank.
Timothy Sackton: sanctuary right.
Timothy Sackton: 16 so you cannot.
Delwath: attack me.
Timothy Sackton: Okay wow.
Delwath: She was a new target if he can't choose a new target he loses his action he doesn't get.
Delwath: He doesn't get to do something different.
Timothy Sackton: Oh sorry thunder wave target itself.
Delwath: Okay, well then he does not need to make a.
Timothy Sackton: it's not.
Delwath: That it's not out from and.
Delwath: that's why i'm asking if a targeted me.
Timothy Sackton: yeah no i'm sorry I.
Timothy Sackton: So console Constitution saving.
Timothy Sackton: So you make the same so you take nine points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: messed up his plan, I guess he's just gonna try and run them.
Timothy Sackton: No he's gonna go.
Iascaire: First, one had me worried.
Delwath: advantage for a reason.
Good.
Timothy Sackton: yeah because.
Delwath: Because this happened to me what's this.
Timothy Sackton: very thing happen.
Timothy Sackton: Really, hoping for that we have to work.
Timothy Sackton: Your way yeah cuz i'd push you away.
Timothy Sackton: He has gone to go.
Timothy Sackton: Iran.
Delwath: attack of opportunity.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Delwath: I haven't used my reaction.
Timothy Sackton: he's gonna go 60 feet.
Iascaire: You might make.
Iascaire: it down.
Iascaire: And another 60 feet down.
Timothy Sackton: he's gonna go.
Timothy Sackton: 3030 that way, and then drop so make your attack.
Delwath: yeah I rolled up 12.
Delwath: Balanced on the 20 and then rolled over to the to the second time this has happened to this.
Timothy Sackton: cup so he's gonna drop 30 feet this way and then drop 50 feet, so now he's only 80 feet up.
Delwath: How does he dropped 50 feet.
Timothy Sackton: Because to get a 60 foot iPod Nice, you need a 30 foot.
Timothy Sackton: This way, this way.
Delwath: So I will chase him.
Timothy Sackton: yeah he's still within 68.
Timothy Sackton: He will not.
Timothy Sackton: fail.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, these two are going to close in.
Timothy Sackton: Deaths hobgoblin is going to make his one attack.
Timothy Sackton: Which is.
Timothy Sackton: Another non critical natural 20.
Timothy Sackton: And that's only three points of damage that i'm.
Timothy Sackton: adamantium please come again and.
Aristaea: he's.
Timothy Sackton: And it's your turn.
Aristaea: All right.
Aristaea: Is this kind of damage.
Timothy Sackton: yeah he's he's pretty damaged or both they're both pretty badly wounded actually.
Aristaea: All right, i'm just gonna happen with my.
Aristaea: Take.
Timothy Sackton: That hits.
Aristaea: And it might.
Timothy Sackton: Well, that.
Timothy Sackton: Pike damage itself kills them.
Aristaea: Okay nevermind.
Timothy Sackton: nevermind the smite.
Timothy Sackton: But you can move.
Timothy Sackton: You can move to attack this one.
Timothy Sackton: Like.
Aristaea: Okay.
Aristaea: i'm allowed to change targets.
Iascaire: that's the one having the sauna.
Timothy Sackton: But remember you.
Timothy Sackton: Have a REACH of 10 feet, so you don't have to get within five feet.
Aristaea: here.
yep.
Aristaea: Right.
Aristaea: I can.
Timothy Sackton: that's.
Timothy Sackton: That also kills him.
Timothy Sackton: goblins fall around you.
Timothy Sackton: start out with your up.
Delwath: All right, same plan is always opening enrolled better, so what am I am now i'm at ATP.
Timothy Sackton: ATP.
Delwath: How much holiday must you take her.
Timothy Sackton: These deeper.
Timothy Sackton: So eight the sex of the false.
Delwath: yeah i'm just know i'm trying to decide at what point i'm willing to banishing smite and just fall.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, I see.
Delwath: Not here.
Aristaea: Not here.
Delwath: Okay that'll hit.
Delwath: Oh, you know what I forgot to do back.
Delwath: he's taking he's taking way more damage than this okay.
Timothy Sackton: Or you haven't been rolling your extra da.
Delwath: haven't grown my extra da so he just took that 24 total not 13.
Timothy Sackton: Okay 24 Okay, what is the role for his.
Timothy Sackton: Natural one has gone.
Delwath: Okay, well then.
Delwath: I guess I don't get to make my second attack because he punches from the ground.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yeah that's gonna kill on.
Timothy Sackton: that's 32 points of damage, plus the 24 points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: You swing at him I think he turns and looks at you as you're coming i'm frustrated and you swing in him and he's just for a moment, like catches and just you see them fall rest of you watch as he falls 80 feet on the ground and just lands dad.
Timothy Sackton: On the.
Timothy Sackton: floor of this shimmering strange place.
Aristaea: Come on down with you get the honor cutting it off.
Delwath: yeah I guess we're just cutting his head off instead of.
Delwath: All land.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Iascaire: i'm sharpening the folding knife and i'm like really just.
Delwath: i'll cut his head off, I mean, why not.
Okay.
Delwath: he's missing an arm that's what the armband is right.
Iascaire: yeah.
Iascaire: Any other loop on any of the goblins here.
Timothy Sackton: I mean they've got there like 200 year old weapons.
Timothy Sackton: There you know a bit of a pain to lug around.
Timothy Sackton: With your eight string.
Iascaire: hey man.
Iascaire: We weren't missing anything important.
Delwath: Sorry.
Timothy Sackton: Go ahead.
Delwath: I was gonna say does somebody want to try going through the portal and see if it works.
Aristaea: yeah I would yeah we.
Delwath: Should we.
Aristaea: Should we, like you have any feeling before, are you.
Delwath: I met half health.
Aristaea: Well that's thanks for you i'm also.
Delwath: scary you're fine right did you take any damage.
Iascaire: I didn't get hit, and neither did my little my little funny but.
Delwath: I mean I wouldn't mind some healing.
Iascaire: i've got mask your wounds if that's helpful, but it would be my second if.
Delwath: I stayed your fifth slot I don't think we're getting another one rest before our next.
Aristaea: yeah I haven't cast any spells so.
Delwath: i'd use short rest recharge but not long rest recharge here.
Timothy Sackton: You also have your free cure wounds from your blessing.
Aristaea: Right yeah.
Delwath: I mean yeah I wouldn't mind the qr i'm only 31 hit points.
Aristaea: Right, I will cast it on that was.
Timothy Sackton: So 14 healing for.
Timothy Sackton: So, looking around now as you as you begin to approach the portal, you can you can almost now hear the sort of.
Timothy Sackton: whispering coming from this other scene in the distance.
Timothy Sackton: And it sounds.
Timothy Sackton: It almost sounds like like the like the.
Timothy Sackton: Like Bible of a brook in the distance and.
Timothy Sackton: I asked her you know, seeing the campfires in the brook like you, you sort of feel like you get the sense that this is.
Timothy Sackton: This is somehow terracotta keeping this hobgoblin army distracted in this other place.
Iascaire: well.
Iascaire: I will, before stepping through that pause and.
Iascaire: sort of give them a moment of recognition for the tireless work that they have been doing.
Iascaire: These hundreds of years.
Iascaire: Oh.
Iascaire: I guess do a little.
Iascaire: produce flame in my hand and say a little prayer there and then.
Iascaire: When we're ready to pass through sniff it out.
Timothy Sackton: So who is stepping through the portal.
Aristaea: We all just stepping through having senior ask grey.
Aristaea: disappear.
Timothy Sackton: Did our D step to the portal.
Iascaire: i'd be happy to go first if somebody wants a guinea pig i've got all my all my.
Health at the moment.
Aristaea: Sorry induced by stepping through.
Iascaire: yeah.
Aristaea: Miss heard something.
Iascaire: Oh no that's okay yeah i'll step through.
Timothy Sackton: You appear back by the dance ghosts totally normally no trouble at all.
Iascaire: And I will I will then have my fish do a little like wave with the tail and then through as well.
Delwath: Okay well i'll step through that.
Timothy Sackton: Okay you're back at the giants coast holding the.
Timothy Sackton: holding the head of the of the hobgoblin wizard any the the girl wisdom that giant just lets out this deep sigh.
Timothy Sackton: sounds.
Timothy Sackton: Well, you can't you can't understand him now ah.
Delwath: We short resting will probably get a short rest right.
Delwath: i'm going to cast stones will short.
Timothy Sackton: I mean it's probably gonna roll some hit die and need some magic right so um the.
Timothy Sackton: The giant says.
Timothy Sackton: Like just gives out alongside and says.
Timothy Sackton: vengeance is sweet.
Timothy Sackton: The dishonored have paid.
Timothy Sackton: Those who fled the battlefields.
Timothy Sackton: received their just fate.
Timothy Sackton: Thank you.
Timothy Sackton: And reaches down into the ground and like you can see where he's reaching you can't lift up anything but he's like pantomime exactly where you need to dig to find the arm of this.
Timothy Sackton: This hobgoblin that he cut off, in a sense.
Timothy Sackton: I.
Timothy Sackton: I thank you for your task.
Timothy Sackton: This year is what you seek.
Timothy Sackton: I will go to my rest.
Timothy Sackton: And the ghost fades.
Delwath: hey.
Timothy Sackton: So it's a matter of not too many minutes to to dig up the.
Timothy Sackton: arm in this.
Timothy Sackton: So this.
Timothy Sackton: This circle, it looks different than any of the other ones you've seen there's like.
Timothy Sackton: So there's the circle it, but then it almost looks like because our shadow that populates like out from it a little bit so there's like it was like a.
Timothy Sackton: Remote of the sort of dark flowing shadowy runes around at that's kind of moving in a circle like that.
Timothy Sackton: seems to be active.
Iascaire: yeah i'm.
Iascaire: Seeing that I say oh I.
Iascaire: didn't you.
Iascaire: Though with didn't you say something about the.
Iascaire: The wizard expecting backup that never came.
Delwath: The wizard said some oh yeah while we saw the backup right.
Delwath: There was some army on the hill.
Iascaire: I wonder if.
Iascaire: This.
Iascaire: Will either free them or destroy them if they're linked to this as well.
Iascaire: I don't want to fight 1000 pop goblins some.
Aristaea: trouble with eight.
Iascaire: yeah i'm TIM what I would like in arcata or something would I get a sense of whether this is like.
Iascaire: Is it is it on hold and they're ready to come flying I think here, or is this.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yeah many you can you can you can make our content dealt with to it.
Timothy Sackton: was your sort of discussing this and i'm thinking.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, so he asked her your your experience is.
Timothy Sackton: Like every every time one of these has been destroyed, as far as you know what what has sad and from what you see anything in the.
Timothy Sackton: In the shadow realm gets transported.
Timothy Sackton: Here now you recall that was that they didn't get transported to the location where the thing was destroyed.
Timothy Sackton: They got transported somewhere.
Delwath: So we're gonna.
Delwath: We are going to by destroying this we're going to send the hob goblins somewhere.
Timothy Sackton: Down with looking at the rooms.
Timothy Sackton: You actually think and looking at this without touching it you think you could.
Timothy Sackton: I mean it might be risky because you'd have to attend to it, but you think you could probably close the port.
Timothy Sackton: Like the ruins are describing a magic the rooms that are floating sort of the shadowy writing that's circling this this armband it's suggesting that.
Timothy Sackton: There is a way to close the portal.
Timothy Sackton: which would trap Iraq but also thousand hub.
Delwath: So do we free to rocca and for how goblins or neither.
Aristaea: So we have the option to close it for now, but like later bash it and we free everything.
Timothy Sackton: Well, the problem is aren't going to appear here you're just gonna unleash an army of 1000 goblins at some random point across town or you don't know where.
Aristaea: But if we wanted to do that at some point when we were like prepared for it and had like armies all over the place counterbalance which.
Aristaea: We could eventually free to not to rocca in theory.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Delwath: But if we close the portal would to rock and the hobgoblin still be trapped by this particular one.
Delwath: Yes.
Yes.
Aristaea: They both trapped in transit, and they would be trapped.
Aristaea: More permanently closed.
Delwath: What if we did nothing.
Timothy Sackton: If you do nothing the portal stays open.
Timothy Sackton: As long as terracotta manages to keep them distracted they stay there, the ghost is gone.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: there's nothing guarding the exit to the portal.
Timothy Sackton: So who knows you don't know what would happen.
Delwath: I mean if you're gonna summon an army of hop goblins, to be perfectly honest, the forest a nightmare seems like not a bad spot right when they get eaten by the shadows.
Timothy Sackton: Potentially.
Timothy Sackton: rock I mean.
Timothy Sackton: or they can appear in the middle of an ocean and they could all drown.
Timothy Sackton: You have no idea how the sort of randomness of them closing a portal works, although apparently the gods seem to be able to appear anywhere but they can be totally teleports.
Iascaire: But if.
Iascaire: Because this band is linked to this portal.
Iascaire: destroying the band would destroy both.
Iascaire: or destroying the band would push everything out portal.
Timothy Sackton: destroying the band, as far as you understand, are destroying the band would.
Timothy Sackton: Empty the demi everything in the demi plane would be transported to.
Timothy Sackton: The material plane, but not, but in a random location closing the portal would seal it off, they would mean they could never leave.
Timothy Sackton: leaving it open means it's up to there's no there's nobody guarding the exit anymore so it's up to terracotta to distract them.
Iascaire: gel with could.
Iascaire: Could.
You.
Iascaire: Could you banished to rocca in the portal.
Iascaire: We could see them.
Iascaire: While we were there.
Delwath: Like quote like go through, and then.
Delwath: I actually get terracotta come through the open portal or be banned, I mean.
Delwath: Could I banished to rocca I don't know.
Delwath: You cast spells on a God I don't really know.
Iascaire: Well it's a demigod it fast.
Delwath: yeah.
Aristaea: Small.
Iascaire: A small a little girl I.
Delwath: mean I think you'd have to communicate somehow we'd have to find a way to communicate with Toronto right like.
Delwath: I assume.
Delwath: It seems hard to believe that even a little small God doesn't have some level of legendary resistance and can choose to succeed on saves right like to rock would have to know to fail they're safe, otherwise the banishment do it.
Iascaire: Right.
Iascaire: And right now.
Iascaire: Just so just so i'm understanding what we understand right now we.
Iascaire: Are interpretation is that to rocket is keeping them far away, in order to keep them far away from that portal to get back to the main plane.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I mean so.
Timothy Sackton: Right you're just to be clear, since it maybe wasn't totally clear with the giants dialogue right like this, this is like the the army that was supposed to come through and rescue the giants that God distracted them, so the battle never happened.
Timothy Sackton: But, and then the hobgoblin the giants got killed by the elves and the dinner Chi or the dinner guy and then the have goblins fled into the portal and the garden time has just been sort of positive.
Timothy Sackton: As far as these hog goblins in here, no it's like they're about to charge out onto the battlefield of the words from 200 years ago.
Iascaire: Right.
Delwath: But they've been prevented basically the god was keeping to Rocco was keeping them from exiting out through the portal.
Delwath: So that there are people didn't get overwhelmed.
Delwath: And dragons still doing that in sort of a weird demi plane time loop, but who knows if.
Delwath: They can keep doing that forever and the giant, is no longer here, the ghostly giant, is no longer here guarding the exit of the portal so.
Delwath: I mean 1000 have goblins could maybe defeat the ghostly giant but also it's a pretty effective guardian if they don't have like magic weapons and things like that right because presumably it's muted right so.
Delwath: But that, of course, the giant is gone so the risk of just.
Delwath: We just leave right than.
Delwath: To rocca is continuing to fight in this endless battle, and as long as they succeed the hub goblins stay if they fail the have guns come to the portal.
Delwath: Close the portal then to rock in the hop goblins are both stocking the demi plane.
Delwath: Right trapped like never before.
Delwath: And last time.
Delwath: We destroy.
Timothy Sackton: US guys.
Delwath: Right.
Delwath: Unless we either free.
Delwath: let's use the open portal to try and get.
Delwath: to knock terracotta come through like if terracotta came through of their own volition, and we're on this side, then we could just close the portal and not destroy it right.
Delwath: yeah but truck is.
Delwath: Actually dead, unlike the other gods right.
Delwath: Right isn't trapped, but I just don't know how to achieve that.
Iascaire: yeah and how long would it take to actually close the portal like do 400 of the goblins get through in the ritual time and we're over a.
Timothy Sackton: you'd have to tune into the arm and and figure that out.
Iascaire: Should we.
Iascaire: Take a short rest here to try that.
Aristaea: Oh.
Delwath: Good.
Delwath: yeah I think I think I think Dallas would.
Delwath: want to take a short rest and also to.
Delwath: aren't we all like don't die religious people basically.
Aristaea: All right.
Delwath: hey you're a paladin right.
Delwath: yeah of the dead okay god's.
Delwath: Basically.
Aristaea: well.
Delwath: I don't think I realized that.
Delwath: Is that somehow.
Iascaire: I.
Iascaire: I am, you know i'm a i'm an angler fisherman, and so I.
Iascaire: don't like I have a few that I care about and I use in my daily life, but not all of them, but this one for my fire magic is one that.
Iascaire: stream crossings right like it's.
Timothy Sackton: Strong crossings campfires.
Iascaire: And and tall tales which Fisher but also loves.
Iascaire: Right it's a it's one that's near and dear to my heart.
Iascaire: To almost.
Iascaire: kind of an elephant GM.
quandary specifically.
Delwath: I think we should take a short rest and i'm sorry i've i've been envisioning Kate as a human this whole time I did not realize, you are a stone.
Delwath: Everything.
Delwath: So I think we should.
Delwath: Sorry i'm just reading something Meta game me, I think we should try and free to rock.
Delwath: But I think we should take a short rest and I think we should I mean dealt with would pray to whatever dedicated spirits are floating about right just trying to like, especially as Ali like.
Delwath: what's the.
Delwath: What would to Rocco.
Delwath: Like do any of them know them.
Delwath: They all fought together they right like.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So why don't you take a short rest is anybody going to attune to the circuit during the storm.
Timothy Sackton: Or do you want to take more time and.
Delwath: Now we don't have.
Delwath: you've got.
Timothy Sackton: You don't actually have much more time because you've been doing now for.
Timothy Sackton: An hour already.
Timothy Sackton: And you've got maybe an hour and a half to two hours before the shadow start.
Delwath: I could have tuned to the circle it.
Delwath: I think.
Unless you have.
Timothy Sackton: To bring it out on iTunes.
Delwath: I mean or somebody else feel like it's.
Delwath: It it feels where AKI Dallas kind of curious.
Iascaire: yeah no I would I would support you, it.
Aristaea: doesn't seem very important melody.
Oh Denise.
Delwath: Yes, so I will take a short rest in a team circle.
Aristaea: Does it.
Aristaea: Does it do any good for anyone in the party to stay awake to like stave off any of the ill effects of.
Aristaea: I forget how this whole like.
Timothy Sackton: Short rest the.
Timothy Sackton: rest is just sitting around talking and having some food.
Timothy Sackton: bandage in your wounds that sort of stuff you're nobody has to sleep, so you can still fall but.
Delwath: We do get.
Delwath: We do get our we can use.
Timothy Sackton: You can roll hit dice.
Timothy Sackton: We can roll hit that you can, and you can use your various.
Timothy Sackton: Anybody who has short rest.
Timothy Sackton: yeah guy has short rest.
Timothy Sackton: Extra 28.
Iascaire: y'all get one extra Diego.
Delwath: And everybody gets plus one for each hit die they wrote it from Dallas cooking right.
Timothy Sackton: Right from your chef tools.
Delwath: Right.
Timothy Sackton: I mean yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I asked her I can do the Oscar I can do that too.
Timothy Sackton: But you can't benefit from.
Timothy Sackton: From it twice so.
Iascaire: I got something here wow.
Delwath: I wrote three ones, and my hit base.
Delwath: that's pretty awful.
Delwath: But it's plus 28 as well.
Timothy Sackton: Plus 28 as well yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So so as your as your.
Timothy Sackton: As you're cooking you ask her you just sort of like you know get a fire going and get some fish roasting that sort of stuff just kind of watching watching the campfire you see.
Timothy Sackton: You see images sort of flickering in the fire and it and.
Timothy Sackton: What what you're seeing is sort of.
Timothy Sackton: The battle ongoing right, you see, like the occasional like.
Timothy Sackton: And from this you get the sense that.
Timothy Sackton: If you had if you had a way to.
Timothy Sackton: walk free to rocket they would be happy with this as long as the hub goblins don't come.
Timothy Sackton: Right, they would prefer to stay there, trapped forever than to send the hobgoblin army to some.
Timothy Sackton: You know, to you know rain down on some innocent village somewhere that's not expecting 1000 how God wants to show up on their doorstep.
Timothy Sackton: yeah, but if you had a way to get them out of course.
Timothy Sackton: They will come.
Timothy Sackton: and dealt with you get the same stance as your as your.
Timothy Sackton: You know, preparing resting.
Timothy Sackton: tending tending the fire with ask, are you sort of feel the is always sort of pacing around and as a links and.
Timothy Sackton: Get the same sense of like comrades and battle right like the most important thing is to not lose the battle then sacrifice so much already.
Timothy Sackton: But also.
Timothy Sackton: You get the feeling that.
Timothy Sackton: That yeah like.
Timothy Sackton: They would know like if you could get if you approach them and cast banish and then just ran for the.
Timothy Sackton: portal.
Timothy Sackton: they'll.
Timothy Sackton: That will send them back, they can choose to to fallacy.
Iascaire: So, probably doesn't need to be done anymore, but I was gonna say that I would I would try commune with nature as a ritual, I think it would basically get the same information that you just.
Timothy Sackton: Provided yeah I think that would, and so a tuning to the.
Timothy Sackton: To the amulet are sort of the circuit it.
Timothy Sackton: That all like tendrils of shadow like bury themselves in your arm, as you attuned to it.
Timothy Sackton: You can ah.
Timothy Sackton: It is.
Timothy Sackton: it's opening and closing the portal is effectively the debbie playing spell so it's just an action.
Delwath: Okay.
Iascaire: Oh shit.
Iascaire: When you when you say that I, I smirk, and I say.
Iascaire: Your banishment can target to creatures right.
Iascaire: yeah to rocket yourself.
yep.
Iascaire: I laugh, I say that would be a tall tale, that would be told around a campfire place for the rest of.
Time probably.
Iascaire: But it's also potentially a.
Iascaire: solo mission I would assume.
Delwath: I can only Target two creatures.
Iascaire: Right.
Iascaire: podcasting right yeah.
Delwath: I think it's.
Delwath: less risk to.
Delwath: yeah.
Delwath: The.
Delwath: tricky bit is just getting close and then.
Delwath: The banish part should be fine.
Delwath: Action to close.
Delwath: I can cause, you can that side.
Timothy Sackton: side.
Timothy Sackton: Well, you got to be the side.
Delwath: I have to be inside because banish, but I can I can.
Delwath: I can go inside close it.
Delwath: Right, then the hub goblins can't.
Timothy Sackton: escape they can't right.
Delwath: Right, then I can.
Delwath: Cast and visibility.
Delwath: go over to the battle.
Delwath: Find to rocca cast banish which will take down and visibility on me and to rock up, but hopefully will lead to us just disappearing.
Timothy Sackton: Right.
Iascaire: Unless somebody tells you, and then you are permanently trapped.
Delwath: wow.
Delwath: That was been here before I was trapped the demi plane for 200 years last time.
Delwath: Right like.
Delwath: i'm not that he's like excited about going back, but you know it's a familiar hell.
Aristaea: Right.
Aristaea: Well we'll just come up with a plan to muster an army large enough to deal with thousand pub goblins and then we can break that with the to rock out.
Iascaire: Exactly yeah it should only take a year.
Delwath: I mean the problem is.
Delwath: Now Well, no, I wouldn't be trapped right because I have the circle that I can open the portal.
Delwath: that's the danger of taking the circle it right.
Delwath: that's the downside, that one of you should have attuned to the circle.
Delwath: Right, this was a mistake right, because if I take the circle it through if the plane fails I the outcomes are not in fact trapped right.
Delwath: The high level hobgoblin wizard somewhere there that can dominate person or something like that, then they can just open the portal.
Iascaire: yeah.
I er.
Timothy Sackton: Having having fought in these wars 200 years ago it was not the case that.
Timothy Sackton: The warlocks and wizards who could use these circuits were.
Timothy Sackton: all over the place right like there was usually like one.
Timothy Sackton: Or you know per army.
Timothy Sackton: Some fair bit of power to.
Timothy Sackton: attune to and the.
Timothy Sackton: I mean the wizard you thought was presumably fairly depleted right.
Timothy Sackton: Not having any high level spell spots.
Delwath: But he's still cast three third level spells.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Delwath: So I mean he was at least high enough level to have three third level spells.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah he was quite high level he just had only one fourth and know fifth or higher level stuff like slack.
Delwath: I guess.
Delwath: My cast one of.
Delwath: My Meta game point is TIM is clearly not setting this up.
Delwath: Rescue mission up to be the trap were dealt with never returns for.
Timothy Sackton: know.
Timothy Sackton: The but you know I mean down with you know enough history to know that you're at least pretty confident that.
Timothy Sackton: it's unlikely there's somebody else in.
Delwath: The US the circuit.
Timothy Sackton: Who could use the circuit in the hobgoblin like your experience was that usually there would be a single.
Timothy Sackton: The the you know.
Timothy Sackton: and your and having a tune to the circle at like you it's basically you know you can only attuned to it if you have fifth level spell slots are hot.
Timothy Sackton: that's what you are what you know, having a tune to it, so it requires powerful magic to be able to do it.
Timothy Sackton: Now Okay, you could you know.
Timothy Sackton: it's still technically possible for there to be lower level casters who can counter counter spell.
Delwath: But they wouldn't know to mean.
Delwath: it's not a bad plan, how would you know to count just dial in and visible person counter.
Delwath: Casting banish.
Delwath: Right, I mean there's a brief moment but they'd have to have are ready to action to cast counter spell the minute I.
Timothy Sackton: saw the reaction.
Delwath: But it can you even cast counter spell as a reaction on somebody.
Timothy Sackton: Well yeah because when you begin casting a concentration spell your other.
Delwath: anyway.
Timothy Sackton: So that it would.
Timothy Sackton: But.
Delwath: Yes, I will go ahead to.
rockland.
Delwath: I mean, ideally, I will find a way to communicate with terracotta and.
Delwath: get a little bit away from the army, before I cast counter spell but if I have to banish, but I have to.
Delwath: i'll just.
Delwath: cast it standing there right.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so you step into the portal.
Timothy Sackton: Close that right.
yep.
Timothy Sackton: And you can see, so you see these like campfires appearing.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: You sort of watch for a few minutes and see the pattern of them flicking on and off and it's it's like they're sort of moving across the plane.
Timothy Sackton: And so you can sort of predict where the next ones are going to appear and head to the sort of leading edge, where the campfires are appearing before the hob goblins.
Timothy Sackton: climb on them, so you can you can find a spot that's you know 80 or 90 feet away from the edge of the hobgoblin army and maybe 100 feet even what and had their.
Timothy Sackton: Where you'll be in range to cast banish on yourself it's 60 feet right yeah so you'll still be 100 or 150 feet away from the.
Timothy Sackton: The leading edge of the army and be able to cast banish on both a both a campfire and yourself.
Delwath: I will do that.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you cast and visibility and then you know move forward through the shadow we playing on the.
Timothy Sackton: army kind of you know it.
Timothy Sackton: it's this weird sensation that you've actually experienced before where you, you know you move and it's not clear that time is passing but somehow you get closer in some indeterminate time and cast your spell and, as you do, the campfires like flare and you see.
Timothy Sackton: It like in each each fire there's like the image of warriors fighting and of.
Timothy Sackton: You know, villages that are long gone of people dancing of.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
Timothy Sackton: yeah person bathing in in in a stream and then.
Timothy Sackton: Everything goes black for a second the fires vanish and you find yourself in a familiar.
Timothy Sackton: Falling sensation as you tumble from 20 feet up in the air down onto the.
Timothy Sackton: Taking six points of falling damage down onto the skeleton of the giant.
Timothy Sackton: And as you do.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: Forest itself, like the light the rat the two of you notice as soon as the portal is closed, like the sun begins to come out from this forest, the whole thing that's been encased in darkness as you're standing here in the portal closes like slowly the clouds begin to move.
Timothy Sackton: And the sun comes out.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: And as down with falls from the sky and the.
Timothy Sackton: sort of whisper of what sounds like a murmur of a stream.
Timothy Sackton: Of sort of whisper and the wind blows across.
Timothy Sackton: The trees and the trees are kind of sway sway in the wind.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: You can all add the blessing of Toronto, for your magic items.
Timothy Sackton: And you get.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, where was.
Timothy Sackton: I didn't write down a bonus that terracotta blessings with you um ah you each get another 10 temporary hit points.
Timothy Sackton: As to rocket spirit dress off into the street in this.
Timothy Sackton: i'm down with as you land, you see you, you almost feel like the shadows from this circle and our kind of creeping up your arm a little and Everywhere you look you kind of get the sense that there's shadows on the edge of your vision disadvantages disadvantage on perception checks.
Delwath: That did on a team, I mean does it take us short rest on a tune as well.
Timothy Sackton: don't seem to be able to on a team from this item.
Delwath: I meant to ask does anybody have removed curse.
Iascaire: I.
Iascaire: don't think I ever look.
Delwath: At this guy created that he played.
Iascaire: I have this still magic as well.
Timothy Sackton: Like.
Delwath: I was actually clean.
Timothy Sackton: So it's key to a specific demi plane, so you can open and close portals to the shadow plane you just left.
Delwath: By chance, okay.
Timothy Sackton: But you can't create a new.
Delwath: But.
Delwath: Can I.
Delwath: If you create a portal like can I figure out how much armies used to use it to travel long distances.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so each.
Timothy Sackton: Each circle is a tune to a specific demi plane and usually they would have two or three circuits keyed to a particular demi plane and so you'd have one person.
Timothy Sackton: Open base the other person open it where you want to be army.
Timothy Sackton: And because distances nothing the army, we just march across this.
Delwath: So without another circle it, this is not that useful unless.
Delwath: it's not that useful.
Delwath: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: Well, it would be useful in the sense that, if you could deal with the army.
Timothy Sackton: thousand thousand.
Timothy Sackton: hob goblins you could leave a portal here, you could travel 1000 miles open another portal, if you just left those portals open anybody could just.
Timothy Sackton: Go between go that distance in a very short time, but it's not useful in the way that the army's used it because you might read to find another circle attuned to the same debbie.
Iascaire: and
Iascaire: I.
Iascaire: I turned to deal with, I say.
Iascaire: When we first met you told me that.
Iascaire: You owed me a great debt, and I must thank you for taking that risk, and I want you to know that you're you're dead is certainly paid.
Iascaire: In my mind.
Delwath: That with sort of bad slightly I.
Delwath: I thank you for that.
Delwath: I do have my own reasons for freeing these last gods but Toronto was not.
Delwath: The one I saw it, I certainly.
Delwath: acknowledge your.
Delwath: gratitude.
Delwath: And maybe one of you could learn remove curse.
Aristaea: During long rest.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
yeah.
Iascaire: um.
Delwath: Well that's Okay, when we.
Iascaire: I say what What if I just try and burn it right off here, are you know.
Delwath: I thought about that actually.
Iascaire: He he metal would hurt us some.
Iascaire: But.
Timothy Sackton: put them to hop goblins will appear.
Delwath: that's the problem right, yes I, yes, I thought I had that same thought I just forgot it, you can try this.
Delwath: feel free to hop goblins.
I thought.
Aristaea: If that closing report oh man.
Delwath: No, no, the demi plane still exists right.
Delwath: yeah destroying the circle, it opens the demi plane backup to toggle.
Timothy Sackton: Right, so what was happening during this circling.
Timothy Sackton: The demi plane and everybody in the demi plane.
Timothy Sackton: If it's the last circling about demi plane than the demi plane vanishes and everybody in the demi plane is teleported back to town.
Iascaire: They get they get pumped up somewhere.
Iascaire: Like a beggar going insane.
Timothy Sackton: yeah exactly.
Delwath: Correct so I.
Timothy Sackton: want to keep the hop goblins trap, you have to keep this.
Timothy Sackton: circular intact, you cannot destroy it.
Delwath: huh Oh, I know somebody who'll be quite interested in.
Timothy Sackton: getting into seeker is probably a bad idea.
Delwath: I know, but so why.
Delwath: About bad ideas these.
Days.
Aristaea: But I would say, oh no.
Aristaea: Well trucks chambers.
Timothy Sackton: For now, though you're stuck attuned to somebody it's got a way to remove cursed items.
Iascaire: I don't.
Timothy Sackton: Do you have removed curse or greater restoration would be the two things.
Iascaire: I upgraded rest.
Aristaea: restoration, but I didn't do it.
Just greater restoration.
Iascaire: Greater.
Iascaire: it's my second fifth slot so it's got to be a.
Delwath: bit I mean do I feel like this is going to get worse.
Timothy Sackton: I mean the black tendrils are digging into your arm did i'll i'll tell you what it does so that you know, so you can make a decision on once per turn when you take damage you take an extra Wendy technocratic death edge.
Delwath: What Why would all these people in the army, put up with this nasty thing that.
Timothy Sackton: All right, do you think they put up with it.
Delwath: Right.
Delwath: it's probably not worth.
Delwath: Burning a fifth level spot slot.
Iascaire: Okay.
Delwath: If you got a third level slot share, but without remove curse.
Iascaire: curse.
Iascaire: And that's a that's a long rest thing for.
Delwath: A long rest of change yeah.
Okay.
Iascaire: Well, I say yeah I mean tomorrow, I can take it off.
Delwath: yeah, I think, is it a long grass or can you change cells it's a long grass right not.
Timothy Sackton: it's a long it's a long rest.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you can change your list of prepared spells when you finish a long rest.
Iascaire: I didn't even think about it, I like dogs, because I.
Timothy Sackton: tend to now and.
Aristaea: they've been very useful.
Delwath: yeah I think it's I think it's.
Delwath: Not I think a fifth level well do you have any other good fifth level styles visibly of something useful.
Iascaire: yeah I mean I can up cast some stuff i've got i've got some big damaged cells for large areas we need a.
Iascaire: i've got some huge healing.
Delwath: I think we're better just I have to take damage for it to do damage.
Timothy Sackton: You have to take damage damage.
Aristaea: And it can only trigger for a bubble.
Delwath: yeah I think it's I would just.
Delwath: Leave it, although.
Delwath: Do either of you have an attunement slot free.
Iascaire: No.
Delwath: i'd say a good Goody.
Delwath: Do you have three magic items that you're attuned to.
Timothy Sackton: You have.
Timothy Sackton: You yeah you have an attunement slightly.
Delwath: You may as well take my ring until i'm free of this curse.
Delwath: I have a ring of displacement that lets you take a bonus action to have disadvantage of enemies have disadvantage or attacks.
Timothy Sackton: that's useful for you.
Aristaea: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so i'm.
Timothy Sackton: In the interest of time let's move on.
Yes.
Timothy Sackton: The traveling through the.
Timothy Sackton: Through the burn for us is.
Timothy Sackton: That the land is open here, because the tree is have not regrown and you're able to yep.
Delwath: Just before we get to the next battle, I really do need to take another short rest, I will have no spell slots.
Timothy Sackton: yeah once you've traveled.
Delwath: Some yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you're not going to make you're not going to make a 40 mile journey.
Delwath: Just because that little invisibility banishment.
Timothy Sackton: tribes up on my phone.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Iascaire: Like I will.
Iascaire: I will pass it out trace if there's ever a concern for.
Timothy Sackton: Anything we're seeing yeah I mean I understand nose nose like when you're getting close, if you want to try and approach the battlefield stealthily.
Aristaea: I mean it river bridge to cross.
Timothy Sackton: There is a right the bridge, there is a bridge but it's broken.
Iascaire: can help with that, given the stream crossing.
Delwath: With would you like to make.
Aristaea: Our way.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, these are not.
Timothy Sackton: super wide river it's right it's it's.
Timothy Sackton: These are like it's all it's more like a mountain stream that really big river, although down here it's maybe 30 maybe.
Timothy Sackton: 5070 feet across.
Delwath: Is it plausible in our 40 mile track that we're going to take to short rests.
Timothy Sackton: We cut you cut and, if you want to.
Delwath: Would you like to just fly across the river.
Delwath: Why.
Why.
Iascaire: yeah why don't we do one short rest on this side and see how we feel when we get there.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So you sort of go a little bit out of your way to cross the river and then.
Timothy Sackton: goes go like East along the river to get to the battlefield is what you're suggesting.
Delwath: yeah I seem to have lost my role.
Delwath: So right, we would go straight SAP.
Delwath: Like 40 miles right, yes, we.
Delwath: wouldn't cat we went flied mean.
Delwath: let's like take a short rest somewhere right here.
Delwath: Okay, and then see what we see when we get closer like.
Delwath: Maybe it would be useful to be flying for a battle right like I mean I don't.
Aristaea: So.
Aristaea: we'll see is the.
Aristaea: skeletal creature kicking in right.
Delwath: Right, I remember that.
Aristaea: i've looked across the river I just haven't crossed it.
Delwath: So I mean, is it.
Delwath: How hard, is it to just Ford the River right, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: it's not hard it's you can you could certainly for that, I mean it would be.
Delwath: That seems easier than burning a spouse lot.
Delwath: And having to take a.
Aristaea: rest and all that yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so as you approach.
Aristaea: The bird true needs.
Timothy Sackton: Through the burnt trees.
Timothy Sackton: You come.
Timothy Sackton: To.
Timothy Sackton: The battle they got.
Timothy Sackton: The battlefield on that your motor river.
Timothy Sackton: Looking so as you approach here sort of looking across you can see, let me, let me put out a token for the.
Timothy Sackton: Like on the far side of the River here.
Timothy Sackton: You there's like like all over.
Timothy Sackton: Here you can see the remains of a battlefield right, you can see bits of like small mountains or plants have grown over dead bodies occasionally like a skeletal arm sticking out bits of less than Armor and weapons on.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: warranty worn down, but still perceptible remains of earth and fortifications are constructed been constructed to guard the crossing.
Timothy Sackton: And on this far side of the River here, you can see there's this like white filaments of fungus that sort of grow everywhere i'm coming from the roots of the trees.
Timothy Sackton: Some bodies are wrapped in the shriveled cocoons.
and
Timothy Sackton: What is.
Timothy Sackton: It is guys got a very high pass perception okay um.
Timothy Sackton: See now if he had a tune to and you wouldn't notice what you're about to know.
Timothy Sackton: Truth and see.
Timothy Sackton: disadvantage and perception i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Be.
So you see this.
Timothy Sackton: creature that looks like the remains of our about hobgoblin but skeletal, though, like all the flesh falling off its face it seems to be bound in place by this giant massive white elements that are wrapped around its arm.
Timothy Sackton: That likes to hold it in place and stretch into the earth and you do see what looks like a glint of metal among that massive filaments.
Timothy Sackton: And that its legs look like they're bound by a massive cocoon and its head lists to one side, it doesn't seem like it can move, but as you begin to approach it.
Timothy Sackton: You also notice this is great, like its head shifts a little bit and it starts to it seems like it's turning to look at you and there's there's movement on that side of the River like.
Timothy Sackton: Some of the bones start to shift a little bit and it looks like possibly skeletons are beginning to climb out of the ground.
Iascaire: And you said there's a glimpse of metal in the on specifically that hobgoblin.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that specific creature, that seems to be bound up in this sort of mass of.
Timothy Sackton: have fun guy and have some sort of concussions.
Iascaire: So it's another easy one oh, we have to do is just keep metal on that thing across the river.
Timothy Sackton: So i'll put you out here i'm so Meta game pause for a minute here, not the main not this guy, but most of the skeletons that will climb out of the ground our minions so they die automatically if they take damage from a weapon attack or a failed spell.
Timothy Sackton: And each minion does very little damage, but in groups, they can still do a fair bit of damage, but anyone that fails to save or takes damage from a from a attack was a weapon or a spell attack will automatically dies, and if you do more damage than their hip points.
Timothy Sackton: So, like imagine one of them had 10 hit points and you do 12 damage, you can overkill so you can kill multiple of them in one attack So if you.
Timothy Sackton: Have a weapon attack and you stop one and you do 14 damage you take the 10 points of the hip points of the first one, and you can apply for damage to the next one, because they automatically die if they take any damage from a weapon tech that one then also automatically is.
Iascaire: cool.
Timothy Sackton: That makes sense to everybody up.
Iascaire: yeah.
Iascaire: Are we doing a break this evening or just.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah let's say I didn't realize what time it is let's take a short break before this battle.
Delwath: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Good call.
Timothy Sackton: So let's take a five minute break.
Iascaire: Five 10 something like that.
Aristaea: Sorry, I somehow failed to describe myself sufficiently Mike.
Delwath: I was just missed that you said you were a stone board or something and then never like.
Aristaea: tried about how I catching I was like looming over everybody and.
Delwath: Somehow it just didn't like I think cuz I got the impression from TIM that everybody else in this was going to be.
Delwath: Data Chi, and so I did my head, I was thinking everybody was I don't think he ever said it, I think I misunderstood or misheard some background, he was giving me you're talking about.
Aristaea: He said, we were local probably or something local.
Delwath: Right that's probably what it was I didn't realize the rosetta stone board welcome, so I just did by had.
Delwath: A seemed local men data quiet and then I was like didn't really parse that you said you're a stone born.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Now i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Looking out across.
Timothy Sackton: The River you see on the far side the skeletons begin to claw their way out of the dirt as you begin to approach, but as they're clawing the way out, if you have you know.
Timothy Sackton: A few seconds to do anything if you want to cast any pre battle spells.
Iascaire: Should we do the like minute strategy here.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Delwath: We do we know where the.
Delwath: Do we see a gleaming metal somewhere.
Iascaire: yeah we better, that is, on the guy there yeah okay.
Aristaea: cocoon person.
Delwath: So get past the minions and kalka person.
Iascaire: I could.
Iascaire: The wall of fire right.
Delwath: how's our ranged attacks.
Delwath: Well, I guess, if we're doing a minute to play we don't necessarily know if these guys are like archers or anything like that i'm just wondering if Maybe I should guess why.
Iascaire: You should what.
Delwath: has to fly.
Aristaea: They don't have.
Delwath: They don't have fly like.
Delwath: Could we just sit above them and rain down fire on them.
Aristaea: And I mean.
Timothy Sackton: guys.
Timothy Sackton: If this guy is wearing our band, at least in life, he was for sure, a spell caster who had at least fifth level spell slots.
Delwath: that's true.
Iascaire: The turn order does have skeletal archers in it.
Delwath: that's a good catch.
Delwath: All right, let's maybe not maybe that's not the best use of our.
Iascaire: Are we gonna be able to get like just walk across the river what's the deal there.
Timothy Sackton: So the bridge goes as far as.
Timothy Sackton: here.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, and there's a bunch of debris.
Timothy Sackton: You can walk across.
Timothy Sackton: Once you get here it's like double difficult terrain, so it takes.
Timothy Sackton: 20 feet of movement to move five feet.
Timothy Sackton: Until you get past all this debris here so till you get here.
Timothy Sackton: If you just want to wait in the river itself it's just regular difficult trade until you happen to step somewhere that is deeper than you, and then you are swimming which, basically, is just difficult terrain anyway.
Timothy Sackton: Right yeah although and if there's anything bad in the water, you don't know.
Timothy Sackton: I can yeah you could totally summit cross.
Iascaire: yeah.
Delwath: um is there any like.
Delwath: What is that.
Delwath: The this is that, like a.
Timothy Sackton: that's This is all debris like this whole.
Timothy Sackton: This whole all of these squares here.
Timothy Sackton: Are.
Timothy Sackton: Double difficult terrain.
Timothy Sackton: I just leave that there so it's obvious I guess.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe maybe not this very bottom row.
Timothy Sackton: Like that that's like just the debris of the crumbled bridge.
Aristaea: Is there, difficult terrain on our side, or is that, like a little path.
Timothy Sackton: This is a path.
Timothy Sackton: The banks themselves are rocky tumbling down to the bridge, so these except right on the path.
Timothy Sackton: All of these banks are difficult terrain, on your side that's the remains of the lake earthenware Defense earthen defenses on this side, nothing is difficult terrain once you get onto land, I mean I guess these rocks here.
Iascaire: hmm.
Delwath: um.
Iascaire: Well i'll i'll drop a shape change to get my guy out before battle starts.
OK.
Iascaire: For sure.
Delwath: yeah I think i'm going to.
Delwath: hold off why.
Delwath: it's probably a spell caster.
Iascaire: And I could try.
Iascaire: I could try wall of fire here but.
Iascaire: That as well not wait.
Iascaire: I need to get a little bit closer but 120.
Delwath: I just I guess I don't I guess my real question is, is it worth casting fly just to.
Delwath: Close with the spell caster quickly if nothing else, would we be better off like casting fly and.
Delwath: it's like one.
Delwath: You know, closing.
Delwath: Right that's 60 feet right there.
Aristaea: mean charges is carries little dude teleport him.
Iascaire: Only 15 feet, it can take everybody, but.
Iascaire: Only 15 feet around.
Delwath: So I mean that could take us at the advantage of fly would be.
Delwath: We could go if we charged right, we could get to him in two turns.
Delwath: If we cast ranged attacks, while we moved right, we could go.
Delwath: We could get to him and three turns.
Iascaire: Right.
Right.
Delwath: But.
Delwath: that's all that close if our goal is to close fly would help us close really fast and we could all fly right and we could even potential, I mean if you teleported if we bunched up right here cast fly everybody teleported 15 right and then.
Delwath: fly 60.
Delwath: doesn't quite right, but I mean it would step would be to basically two turns to close.
Iascaire: And if they.
Delwath: They will probably not move towards us, but if they did, we could cause fat white.
Delwath: I don't know if we want to end the real question is, do we want to end up in a little circle standing here getting swarmed by all these guys we try and surround and kill that guy.
Delwath: Could you wall of fire us in with the fire out.
Iascaire: Where.
Delwath: If we were standing if.
Delwath: If all of us were standing right around this guy like like.
Delwath: yeah.
Iascaire: yeah I could put fire.
Iascaire: Like here.
Delwath: If we were standing like in these squares here if you boxed us in like this.
Delwath: yeah right, so that we were basically surrounding this guy actually seems like it could be a pretty effective strategy is to.
Delwath: try to get a basically surround him box them in still have we would all have fly so if he decided to cast fly and try and get away from us Jason right.
Iascaire: yeah.
Delwath: And if he doesn't.
Delwath: We anybody who wants to get at us, if there are many install insta die when they cross the wall right.
Delwath: If they're not mini install we take tons of damage.
Iascaire: Right.
Iascaire: So you can spy on all of us.
Delwath: And yeah so anyway.
Iascaire: At some point on the way over I just dropped that wall of fire around him.
Iascaire: yeah burn up some minions and then we just like superhero pose land in the middle of the.
Delwath: plane crash yes.
Aristaea: The pencil dive.
Iascaire: yeah assuming.
Iascaire: Assuming that there are no that sounds great.
Delwath: Well, I can't counter spell.
Timothy Sackton: This range yeah.
Delwath: I think.
Delwath: Can we can I presume fly we can't get fly off before initiative.
Timothy Sackton: know you can.
Timothy Sackton: that's fine.
Iascaire: that's a bad one for me.
Delwath: So everybody is flying including your beast, by the way, I can get for targets.
Iascaire: or wow.
Delwath: Oh wait, can I get for now wait.
Timothy Sackton: You can get three.
Delwath: Or, if I can get three targets are your beasts can't be.
Timothy Sackton: Your bees can fly anyway, it just doesn't have 60 feet.
Iascaire: And as fly over what is that it's I mean it can't go up.
Delwath: No.
just that.
Timothy Sackton: mean if it's not it doesn't fall.
Delwath: Correct.
Delwath: However, means you can you don't need to be constantly moving in order to.
Timothy Sackton: If you can't have her then if you're knocked prone you fall out of the air, but if you can hover then knock prone doesn't really do any I mean it doesn't really do anything if you're flying you can't.
Iascaire: I could have sent away up my goodness.
Timothy Sackton: Last time I did with only 30 feet of movement it's hard for it to compete with.
Delwath: fly 60.
Iascaire: yeah it would have been it would have been just the trying to keep up with their movement.
Iascaire: Last time around.
Delwath: yeah okay.
Delwath: Did I roll initiative, yes 15.
Timothy Sackton: yeah 15 Okay, so your first.
Delwath: Okay um.
Delwath: Why does the turn order show.
yeah.
Iascaire: So.
Delwath: we're not on the order.
Timothy Sackton: you're not I see you.
Delwath: I don't see me I only see.
Delwath: that's the I don't know I don't know what I see.
Delwath: yeah like.
Delwath: weird Turner I see skelton Archer skelton minions initiative count 20 and two and the fire beast and the main bad guy.
Iascaire: Oh, I see a completely different one.
Delwath: Oh no sorry I don't see the fire beast I see a scar I only.
Delwath: know.
Delwath: So I didn't realize was my check but.
Timothy Sackton: that's weird I see everybody.
Delwath: it's fine.
Aristaea: I see what Mike explained sort of.
Aristaea: But you know rule 20 networks right for me so.
Aristaea: Never expect anything to show.
Iascaire: i'm going to try refreshing real 20s.
Delwath: I think i'm just going to char.
Iascaire: that's the same thing go better.
Timothy Sackton: Oh wait, I know what's going on.
Timothy Sackton: i'll fix it.
Timothy Sackton: 15 Min 13.
Delwath: Oh yeah now.
Delwath: Yes, now it's all bad it's.
Iascaire: yea.
Delwath: Though dash.
Delwath: dash 120 feet.
Delwath: By basically just skimming not really going, you know only 10 feet right 10 feet up right like not really.
yep.
Timothy Sackton: I mean if you're going 120 you're just barely above the ground.
Delwath: yeah yeah, I presume, I could be like six feet up you just pop right.
Timothy Sackton: Right yeah yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I guess.
Delwath: that's why.
Delwath: Was that i'm flying above.
Timothy Sackton: That difficult terrain.
Delwath: The difficult terrain and stuff like that, but yes that's my trick.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: minions druthers towards stand there waiting for you.
Iascaire: yeah i'll uh.
Iascaire: i'll dash up as well.
Delwath: me.
Delwath: You want to try and get somewhere where you'll be able to get.
Delwath: 60 feet to him on the next turn.
REP.
Timothy Sackton: or ESTA.
Aristaea: yeah Sam Sam.
Aristaea: The air.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Delwath: I just gonna say he's gonna cast fireball right.
Timothy Sackton: nope he's going to cast.
Timothy Sackton: I a he holds up his hand on this this like poisonous missed.
Timothy Sackton: appears in the next to you.
Delwath: Next, were like.
Timothy Sackton: i'm putting it out.
Timothy Sackton: oops kind of switch away from yours.
Iascaire: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, let me just make sure this is that what's one too big.
Timothy Sackton: doesn't matter.
Timothy Sackton: right there.
Timothy Sackton: Everybody.
Timothy Sackton: Do.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing at the moment.
Timothy Sackton: When you start your turn in the area.
Timothy Sackton: That will end his turn.
Timothy Sackton: Oh you're you're close enough okay well anyway it doesn't matter i'm.
Timothy Sackton: archers, why did it zipping around weirdly um.
Timothy Sackton: OK, so the archers on the archers turn ah.
Timothy Sackton: arrows come flying out.
Timothy Sackton: Five arrows at.
Timothy Sackton: Our stay are.
Timothy Sackton: You take nine sorry you take five points of piercing damage.
Timothy Sackton: And five arrows at Dell with.
Timothy Sackton: Ah 18 to hit what's your AC.
Timothy Sackton: Money okay that misses you.
Timothy Sackton: At the end of the minions turn.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: warlock is going to use a legendary action.
Timothy Sackton: to cast.
Timothy Sackton: 60 feet six feet i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Bringing spell attack okay.
Timothy Sackton: Ah that's a natural 20 against um.
Timothy Sackton: I asked her a.
Aristaea: But this is like anybody who wears my like no natural 20.
Timothy Sackton: Oh right, you have your little your.
Timothy Sackton: blessing from one of your can cancel a natural 20 against.
Timothy Sackton: Anybody.
Iascaire: Yes, oh sweet.
Timothy Sackton: So you take.
Timothy Sackton: You take 15 points of the chronic damage.
Timothy Sackton: And you cannot regain hip points at the moment as a skeletal hand clings to you.
Timothy Sackton: That ends the that's the end of the archers turn.
Timothy Sackton: dealt with Europe.
Delwath: Okay.
Delwath: I.
Timothy Sackton: Will more.
Timothy Sackton: things appear.
Delwath: mean the plan is to go right there.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Delwath: And then attack him that's only 60 so.
Delwath: that's my move.
yeah.
Delwath: And then I will.
Aristaea: What happens, instead of yes.
Delwath: does anything happen.
Timothy Sackton: You forgetting about this bow sorry, yes, you got to make a constitution saving throw.
Delwath: Is this sickening radiance.
Timothy Sackton: No it's cloud kill.
Delwath: 16.
Timothy Sackton: That.
Timothy Sackton: Six steeds so you take.
Aristaea: Two guys do if he can move that.
Delwath: I do not now.
Iascaire: But I don't.
Timothy Sackton: You take 10 points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, where did you start your turn.
Delwath: somewhere in the middle.
Iascaire: yeah right around.
Delwath: right around or dead Center.
Timothy Sackton: So you're not within they're not in our stairs are so you take 10 points of damage instead of five points lunch.
Delwath: Yes, I was, I was 15 feet away from.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you make your attack I make a concentration safe.
Delwath: Fine.
Delwath: OK, I will attack him.
Delwath: um.
Delwath: Oh first i'm going to exploit curse him.
Okay.
Delwath: there's a 16 hit.
Timothy Sackton: 16 hits.
Delwath: Okay, so he takes.
Delwath: He takes 15 damage.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Delwath: He has to make a con safe right.
Delwath: Yes, okay.
Delwath: Attack again.
Delwath: will also hit.
yep.
Delwath: And that'll do.
Delwath: 24 damage.
Timothy Sackton: 67 again.
Timothy Sackton: That ends your turn.
Delwath: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: At the end of your turn.
Timothy Sackton: He will.
Timothy Sackton: use another legendary action to.
Timothy Sackton: target you with this sort of greenish.
Timothy Sackton: greenish miasma 17 does that hit.
Timothy Sackton: nope okay.
Timothy Sackton: So nothing happens.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, that ends Dallas turn.
Timothy Sackton: The minions.
Delwath: I should have landed prior to the wall fire.
Delwath: Police five of them can attack me.
Iascaire: yeah.
Delwath: I guess that's.
Delwath: Okay, so.
Timothy Sackton: 27 hits.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, so you take.
Timothy Sackton: You take seven points of piercing damage plus.
Timothy Sackton: five points in the chronic damage.
Timothy Sackton: And these two are going to just stand here.
Timothy Sackton: And that ends the minions turn asked her Europe.
Iascaire: So I will.
Iascaire: What damage do I take.
Timothy Sackton: make a concept if.
Iascaire: Anyone.
Timothy Sackton: You take 16 points of poison damage and you are poisoned until the start of your weight is at the start.
Iascaire: That 16.
Timothy Sackton: By now sorry it doesn't point in points and you're just as damage you take 16 points and points of damage.
Iascaire: yeah.
Iascaire: OK, I will attempt to cast the wall of fire.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Iascaire: Something like.
Iascaire: That.
Delwath: sounds like a.
Delwath: pretty good place to put it.
Iascaire: yeah now that I know how it works I gotta see if I can put a date, even in a better spot, but I think that's supposed supposed to forgiving debt.
Delwath: that's gonna leave.
Delwath: more of them will take damage five of them will take damage right.
Delwath: And the other ones will be affected, but.
Iascaire: yeah so we can do like.
Iascaire: You can do that.
Iascaire: might not be as good.
Delwath: Now I would go I would be over one, I think, I think, where you had it first was I don't know, but I think, where you had it first better.
Timothy Sackton: it's four squares across right.
Delwath: But you can make it smaller.
Delwath: Right, because you don't we actually don't want it.
Timothy Sackton: I don't want anything out.
Delwath: cracked.
Timothy Sackton: So anybody within 10 feet outside takes damage.
Iascaire: yeah, I guess, I mean.
Delwath: yeah I don't know what about the ones who.
Delwath: Are intersected by the.
Timothy Sackton: ones are intersecting.
Timothy Sackton: Damage when it appears, but not on their first term.
Timothy Sackton: I mean anybody who ends there anybody who is in the cuz intersected by it takes damage get the deck safe but takes damage.
Timothy Sackton: So you're putting it there.
Iascaire: No put it there.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, can you roll damage.
Delwath: But the median, and I mean if they felt their sales they auto die so.
Timothy Sackton: yeah but it probably done enough damage that it's going to kill them, even if it succeeds or saving I don't have to roll and he.
Iascaire: saves money.
Timothy Sackton: So this one, this one, this one, this one.
Timothy Sackton: This one and that one.
Iascaire: And maybe a little bit on that top left.
Delwath: He will die when he starts his turn.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know, do you want this one to die or do you want the one that was here to die this guy was probably actually I think this one dies, but this guy was inside the radius.
Iascaire: Sure that's fine.
Timothy Sackton: I think yeah.
Iascaire: um I.
Timothy Sackton: Without just blowing apart.
Timothy Sackton: wildfire appears.
Iascaire: yeah and then I will fly by.
Delwath: How.
Timothy Sackton: Many feet, you should 20 feet.
Iascaire: And then.
Iascaire: i'm not going to be able to get over it.
You shouldn't move first.
Iascaire: Before.
Timothy Sackton: You can move before you cast that if you want to be inside it.
Timothy Sackton: Fine.
Iascaire: For sure.
Delwath: But I won't be able to I mean it doesn't matter you won't be able to land.
Iascaire: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: i'll be on a land.
know.
Iascaire: I guess, I will be hovering sort of like.
Iascaire: I don't know over here, something it's hard to.
Delwath: yeah I think that, I mean if you're like 15 feet up right there that's I mean that seems.
Delwath: A good spot.
Iascaire: Well, the wall, I think I have to, I think I have to not be in this.
Delwath: Round Now you can.
Delwath: You can go 55 and be 10 feet up.
Delwath: that'll work out I can't buy my knees, you get my triangle out again.
Delwath: But if not i'll but if you're in that square you'll get screwed.
Iascaire: that's the square that I agree that one or above him.
Iascaire: Alternatively.
Delwath: You.
Timothy Sackton: I mean yeah.
Delwath: So I go up 30 feet and over go go up and over so that you have line of sight down in.
Iascaire: i'm going.
Delwath: To be inside the wall this chart because you can't take another action.
Iascaire: yeah I don't need to be at it ever i'm gonna go 60 feet straight.
Delwath: I mean.
Delwath: I got it might be nice if somebody dropped some fire, so that I don't get.
Iascaire: The wall of fire goes down if I draw.
Delwath: I now, but if I drop fire the flag.
Timothy Sackton: i'm coming here.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Delwath: Thank you that's really what we need is somebody with no concentration spell up.
Iascaire: To come and drop 510.
Delwath: I wouldn't go into the cloud scale.
Iascaire: i'm just i'm just carrying out the spaces and then I can teleport yeah so I can get to.
Timothy Sackton: This side okay.
Iascaire: Well, I guess is the cloud kill like super super tall, or is it.
Timothy Sackton: it's it's it's a no it's like a mist it doesn't go very high above the ground.
Iascaire: Okay yeah, then I can get to there with the.
Iascaire: With the fish and.
Iascaire: The official shoot at.
Iascaire: Oh no That was a teleport okay it's done.
Timothy Sackton: That wasn't tough work so that ends your turn so.
Timothy Sackton: you're up.
Aristaea: All right, so everybody can get out there triangle calculations for me too.
Timothy Sackton: So first make a constitution saving throw.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, you succeed, so you take five points points in the hemorrhage.
Aristaea: wow.
Aristaea: Alright, so now mass.
Delwath: Oh, I can get my triangle thing it, what are you trying to do.
Aristaea: Well, get over the wall of fire and land in there, eventually, but I can't do that, and when move.
Timothy Sackton: So if you're trying to gotta get 20 feet off, so the most efficient way is gonna be.
Aristaea: that's what i'm saying is if I go 20 feet up.
Aristaea: Then you have.
Aristaea: to hover somewhere.
Aristaea: To wait.
Timothy Sackton: 60 feet of movement, you can be.
Timothy Sackton: You can get you can get to their to this to that square right here with 60 feet of movement 20 feet off just on the top of the wall.
Aristaea: Right above that burning.
Timothy Sackton: Burning wall.
Aristaea: Right so we'll just looks like i'm catching on fire, but we all know, i'm.
Aristaea: But when 20 feet above the flames yeah.
Delwath: I mean you could fly down with.
Timothy Sackton: You could fly down with the real a dash.
Timothy Sackton: If you wanted to dash this turn to fly down.
Aristaea: um.
Delwath: I mean I don't know if that's really the most useful thing to do, do you have a frame accuracy well.
Aristaea: I mean no I, I can only.
Aristaea: I can hit things with a Pike Mike.
Delwath: So, then you.
Timothy Sackton: have to spell because you have a range spell that you can cast you could cast that this turn I don't think you have any brains single target range spells.
Timothy Sackton: You can draw blast or something.
Delwath: You can also catch movie.
Timothy Sackton: Good gatling.
Aristaea: I thought I was supposed to be doing with nuke nuke.
Although.
Timothy Sackton: I mean this guy kept moves that movie was actually pretty effective against it.
Timothy Sackton: Because I don't just sit there.
Delwath: I mean if you moonbeam a pretty you can moonbeam everything that isn't the the wall right.
Aristaea: Sure i'll throw up moonbeam my not.
Aristaea: Okay, the end very fast, but.
Delwath: yeah but that's okay.
Aristaea: Oh i'm shine.
Delwath: sky there is going to be a point where I might want to burn my concentration on something else.
Iascaire: Okay.
So.
Delwath: I mean I don't know who those who goes first i'll go first So if I want to do that, we got a plan that you land on your turn.
Iascaire: You may want to yell it out.
Delwath: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: i'm just thinking back and I answer yes.
Timothy Sackton: turn.
Timothy Sackton: i'm BA he is in the moon beam so he needs to make a.
Timothy Sackton: con save.
Aristaea: Instead of this, turn isn't it.
Timothy Sackton: yeah but it's the start of his turn.
Timothy Sackton: This cloud dress it's 10 feet this way.
Timothy Sackton: He makes his concept, so he takes half damage.
Delwath: He doesn't he's not taking extra radiate dizzy by any chance.
Timothy Sackton: doesn't seem to be.
Aristaea: It should I roll.
Timothy Sackton: You don't have to roll anything.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: um and then he does technically need to make a concentration check she just succeeds um.
Timothy Sackton: And then, for his action he will.
Timothy Sackton: cast.
Timothy Sackton: fear.
Timothy Sackton: Oh man that would be nasty and we.
Delwath: thought that could be bad.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Delwath: I know.
Timothy Sackton: Where does where.
Delwath: does not require you to run into danger does that.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Iascaire: Anyway, I know.
Delwath: we'll find out i'm inside the radius of the same bonus right.
Iascaire: sure.
Delwath: don't you have a cell.
Timothy Sackton: phone now because she's 20.
Delwath: feet up yes.
Timothy Sackton: So wisdom saving throw for our staff and our.
Aristaea: m&a immune to frightening.
Timothy Sackton: Our you are immune to the spell.
Timothy Sackton: And do it succeeds.
Timothy Sackton: So that does a grand total of nothing.
Iascaire: Sorry dude.
Timothy Sackton: yeah and his turn.
Timothy Sackton: skeletal our chairs, are going to fire on.
Timothy Sackton: You.
Timothy Sackton: Half of them are firing on.
Iascaire: i'm 60 feet up, though, too.
Timothy Sackton: Oh okay.
Timothy Sackton: that's that's still going to be in there rain.
Delwath: hundred 50 is the range there there there okay.
Timothy Sackton: that's a natural one.
Timothy Sackton: The other half on.
Timothy Sackton: On our standard which is going to be a 28 to hit, so you take five points of piercing damage.
Timothy Sackton: At the end of the ah.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, I forgot the.
Timothy Sackton: The initiative kind of 20.
Timothy Sackton: Oh come on air.
Timothy Sackton: Six more skeletons appear.
Timothy Sackton: But i'm actually not going to put them out, because on his turn they all mashed together.
Timothy Sackton: Forming a giant bones swarm.
know.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, at the end of his turn sorry at the end of the archers turn and now it's back to.
Iascaire: Those aren't minions anymore as.
Timothy Sackton: This bones farm is not a minion anymore.
Delwath: um I think just.
Delwath: i'm just gonna keep hitting him.
Delwath: If he's.
Delwath: 16 hits right.
Timothy Sackton: 16 hits yeah.
Delwath: So.
14 plus.
Delwath: 20 damage.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Delwath: Then I will just hit him again cuz I don't.
Timothy Sackton: Know starting to look a bit wounded at this point.
Delwath: How does a 15 hit.
Now.
Delwath: Oh well.
Delwath: i'm.
Delwath: BONUS action I don't have a lot that I want to do, I don't think.
Iascaire: She restraint, do we have advantage against them.
Timothy Sackton: he's not he's not restrained.
Delwath: Wait what's grappling him.
Timothy Sackton: The cocoon around his legs and fungus filaments around his arm.
Delwath: Right I forgot that he was like stuck that can be white that thing on fire.
Timothy Sackton: anyway.
Timothy Sackton: That is the end of your turn.
Timothy Sackton: This skeleton is going to explode.
Timothy Sackton: Down with needs to make a.
wish skelton.
Timothy Sackton: This one right here.
Timothy Sackton: Okay Dallas needs to make a dexterity saving throw.
Delwath: um you might want to consider a scar a getting somewhere where it's safe.
Timothy Sackton: Okay um.
Timothy Sackton: You do not take any damage, but the shards of the skeleton fly.
Timothy Sackton: towards him and like he has bones begin to reform from this skeleton that just exploded.
stealing.
Delwath: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: That ends his.
Timothy Sackton: legendary action these these skeletons are going to move to death and attack you.
Timothy Sackton: swinging their swords.
Timothy Sackton: that's a 22 to hit.
Timothy Sackton: hit you take two points of piercing or slashing damage plus six points in the chronic damage.
Delwath: Product thing is not that fun.
Timothy Sackton: That ends the minions turns I asked her Europe.
Iascaire: Oh right, I am going to.
Iascaire: lie.
Delwath: I mean if you can't get somewhere where you can land this turn don't worry about it, like don't put yourself in danger, I can wait another turn before doing something.
Iascaire: Oh well, that's fine I can.
Iascaire: put myself in with these archers.
Delwath: I mean it don't use your don't dash right like do something with your action.
Iascaire: yeah yeah let's see how far can the.
Iascaire: parking this guy go.
Iascaire: You can get 30 can I get 60 over there.
Iascaire: yeah okay.
Iascaire: Okay, so i'll move.
Iascaire: On move over here.
Iascaire: Well i'm doing that I will shoot.
Iascaire: down into.
Iascaire: Oh wait that's not gonna work.
Iascaire: Definitely not okay i'll go over to these ones instead.
Iascaire: i'm 60 feet up, I thought I can teleport with the fish but it's on the ground and i'm above it uh over here, I will cast burning hands at these.
Iascaire: At these guys so 15 foot code on them.
Timothy Sackton: How high, are you here.
Iascaire: uh see where was I going with.
Iascaire: yeah so I worked my way down from there as well.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So that's.
Timothy Sackton: The trigonometry is too much i'm gonna say gets four out of five of them.
Iascaire: sure.
Timothy Sackton: I think that's about right ah so let's see if they make their safe they might live so.
Timothy Sackton: Let me will.
Timothy Sackton: Say for them.
Timothy Sackton: what's your spell safety see.
Timothy Sackton: He says right there um.
Timothy Sackton: None of them make their say and so all these die burn burn burn burn as they died or you noticed, I mean, none of this matters because they're all flying but their bones start to pile up on the ground, and this is all becoming difficult to right now.
Timothy Sackton: Everywhere we're when dies, but since you're all flying it sort of irrelevant.
Iascaire: So i've come down a little bit i'm at like 40 feet, or something.
Timothy Sackton: yeah well yeah I mean you got to be a 15 foot Cohen, to get any of them you've got to be 15 feet above the ground.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so i'm gonna say you're 15 feet above the ground.
Iascaire: 15 feet up, but I just blasted it between my legs.
Iascaire: yeah sure.
Iascaire: And then the fish will move 510 15 and.
Iascaire: It will see or actually it'll go 20 and it will do the teleport thing and go.
Iascaire: 510 15 in the middle.
Timothy Sackton: that's 10,000 specs and some rolling your fire damage.
Iascaire: On guy.
Timothy Sackton: yeah the big spawn swarm.
Iascaire: six plus four oh sorry.
Iascaire: need a space.
Iascaire: that's a good one, eight.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, that ends your turn our state you're out.
Aristaea: All right.
Aristaea: I am at the end of.
Timothy Sackton: At the end of.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yes great turn.
Timothy Sackton: Another skeleton explodes.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry now he is the legendary actions go ahead and our staff.
Aristaea: All right, I am going to.
Aristaea: fly almost down, but like still be like five or 10 feet above them but stepped down at them with my PIC.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: that's.
Delwath: Attacking the.
Timothy Sackton: skeleton or the main guy.
Aristaea: I thought he would attack the skeletons I didn't know.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so that kills the first skeleton and you stop straight through it and.
Timothy Sackton: lick your pipe up and kill the second skelton as well.
Aristaea: That was just my first attack right and again so now, I can attack that guy with my other attack.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Aristaea: Why.
Aristaea: didn't that happen.
Delwath: Yet 19.
Timothy Sackton: And that's.
Aristaea: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So i'm gonna keep forgetting to put out the.
Timothy Sackton: noose new minions that keep crawling on the ground.
Aristaea: And we're gonna make this one too.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Mike doesn't extra Wendy eight against undead so.
Aristaea: Just need.
Timothy Sackton: An extra when.
Timothy Sackton: you're doing it.
Timothy Sackton: 31st level it's 3D eight second model is 48 there's novelist fabricate.
Aristaea: I have.
Aristaea: You know, a certain number of slots for this, so it.
Right.
Aristaea: away.
Timothy Sackton: yeah they're just your normal style slots.
Aristaea: So just just I don't know how many several take those.
Timothy Sackton: I didn't you didn't roll anything yet.
Aristaea: Oh, I did I wrote.
Aristaea: I wrote 70.
Timothy Sackton: Or you bolden D amp D beyond.
Delwath: It through on.
Timothy Sackton: A day to.
Aristaea: Then people it usually comes through when they were all in the end.
Aristaea: Anyway, I wrote the seven at.
Timothy Sackton: least one more because you get an extra da against a dad.
Okay.
Aristaea: And that one was the three.
Timothy Sackton: That adds your turn it is the skeletal warlocks turn now and it is going to.
Timothy Sackton: Fear did nothing.
Aristaea: And it's just starting, it turns out moonbeam.
Timothy Sackton: Has yeah yep.
Timothy Sackton: failed its constitution Constitution save it's not currently concentrating anything cuz fear good nothing um.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: And it is going to.
Timothy Sackton: So really our moon be damage and it's going to aim sort of above and behind the two of you that's a lot of damage and this greenish ball explodes greenish Bob acid explodes behind you and both.
Timothy Sackton: Down with and our stay, I have to make a dexterity saving throw.
Timothy Sackton: And you are in well.
Timothy Sackton: it's not going to help you.
Delwath: it's like you know.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: You do you are in the aura you do get resistance to spell the image, so our stay you take.
Timothy Sackton: 1517.
Timothy Sackton: You take eight points of acid damage.
Timothy Sackton: That, if you take 17 points of acid image and you are now coated in acid and take.
Timothy Sackton: And you'll take additional damage on you'll take damage at the start of your next turn and you also take.
Timothy Sackton: Two points in the chronic damage.
Timothy Sackton: And that ends his turn.
Timothy Sackton: One swarm is going to move.
Timothy Sackton: To the fire spirit.
Delwath: A tuna chronic.
Timothy Sackton: Tuna chronic yeah.
Timothy Sackton: And it's going to.
Timothy Sackton: Ah oops.
Timothy Sackton: what's the fire spirits AC.
Iascaire: 13.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, one slam attack hits the finest we are takes 12 points of bludgeoning damage.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: And that ends its turn.
Timothy Sackton: The archers.
Timothy Sackton: This one will move out of the range of the wall, this one will also move 123456.
Aristaea: How long is the surface poison and that was going to be a problem, should I do something about that would you like to be doused with water.
Timothy Sackton: The acid.
Timothy Sackton: yeah i'm.
Timothy Sackton: These minions actually are all gonna move away from.
Timothy Sackton: Your fire spirit, so it can make one opportunity attacks.
Delwath: About like half health.
Iascaire: I don't know.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, it does it, it must get reactions right.
Iascaire: it's just only does range.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, then it yeah then it can't make an opportunity attack because.
Timothy Sackton: And these five archers are going to fire at the fire spirit which is a natural 20.
Timothy Sackton: So the spirit takes 10 points of piercing damage.
Timothy Sackton: And the sex ones down below are gonna fire at you.
Timothy Sackton: Which is an eight so they mess.
Timothy Sackton: And that ends the archers terms.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: Now they're a.
Timothy Sackton: bunch of skeletons appear.
Timothy Sackton: And it's that Western.
Delwath: Okay.
Delwath: um.
Timothy Sackton: So you take at the beginning of your turn you take.
Timothy Sackton: 12 points of acid damage and acid is gone.
Timothy Sackton: So no more acid damage.
Delwath: Okay, I get us some healing.
Aristaea: Ohio you.
Delwath: i'm at i'm on the ground.
Timothy Sackton: make a concentration check for two concentration checks for fly, by the way.
Delwath: i've been rolling them as we go.
Delwath: Okay that's the 13 and 15.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you're fine nevermind.
Delwath: I mean I haven't been wrong my advantage if the first role makes it.
Delwath: Right, whether.
Delwath: The.
Delwath: I could go up a few I mean I don't want to go out of his REACH, but I could be five feet up that would help.
Delwath: You reach me.
Delwath: For healing you're only 10 feet up right.
Right.
Delwath: So, like, I mean if dealt with hovers three feet in the air and is swinging down at the guy you can reach down with your hand right like.
Delwath: that's my head.
Aristaea: yeah something like that something like that.
Delwath: reasoning work slot I might it might mean he's been mostly doing area stuff that I don't know if sanctuary is going to help but.
Delwath: i'm just gonna well, maybe I should banishing do you think it's time to now the fly is still useful i'm not going to finish.
Delwath: i'm just going to attack him.
Delwath: One of these days i'll get a crit.
Delwath: that'll hit.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Delwath: For 22 damage.
Delwath: terribly.
Timothy Sackton: 14 messes.
Yes.
Timothy Sackton: he's looking quite badly heard of this point.
Delwath: Alright next turn flies coming down and banishing smiting.
Delwath: Oh, and i'm going to bonus action sanctuary.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, at the end of his term he's like um has his one free hand he sort of.
Timothy Sackton: reaches up and just like.
Timothy Sackton: punches that down towards the ground and there's this like booming wave of dark shadows that fly out from it.
Timothy Sackton: So let's see.
Timothy Sackton: 30 foot spear.
Timothy Sackton: I think that's gonna get.
Timothy Sackton: Everybody.
Iascaire: yeah.
i'm.
Timothy Sackton: 30 foot radius beer see around.
Delwath: My head all directions.
Timothy Sackton: 30 feet in all directions.
Delwath: So even up.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, this like echoing blast everybody make a constitution saving throw.
Timothy Sackton: TAO it does get the.
Timothy Sackton: Other that's not going to help you because i'm.
Timothy Sackton: A plus three isn't going to change that into a success.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so.
Delwath: I hope you guys weren't counting on fly, because I think this is the term dealt with goes down.
So.
Timothy Sackton: Down with and so asked her a takes 28 points of damage.
Iascaire: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Guy with and.
Timothy Sackton: RS dad take 14 points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: All of these.
Timothy Sackton: All of the minions.
Iascaire: Oh wait why I had to 15 concept, why do I take 21 you.
Delwath: failed to say a few hours.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: you're not within so our stance or against resistance to damage from spells you're not in the aura so it was 28 total damage you found the same so you take the full damage, even though the other two failed to say if they don't take half damage because they're in the aura.
Timothy Sackton: It also blows away all of these minions.
Timothy Sackton: Your fire spirit is well for your fire spirit.
Iascaire: failed it's got five HP.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: and be that might have been out of its range.
Timothy Sackton: Okay um and as each minion dives more and more bones just kind of collect around him.
Timothy Sackton: And there's this like echoing thud from this like blast of thunder and the chronic damage that echoes across the river and that ends our turn so I asked her you're up.
Iascaire: Am I still unable to.
Aristaea: I was just thinking about.
Timothy Sackton: you're still unable to.
Iascaire: Oh, I gotta do a save for the firewall as.
Timothy Sackton: A constitution, save for the firewall.
Timothy Sackton: We are fine on the firewall.
Delwath: i'm.
Delwath: The you might want to get to the ground, because I think it's time for fly to be over.
Iascaire: So yeah I can get there.
Iascaire: um.
Delwath: I also only have six hit points I don't know if anybody wants or can help but.
Aristaea: yeah I can, I will say scary does it first.
Iascaire: Are you heard as well.
me.
Aristaea: Now i'm more than half health.
Aristaea: mean two thirds hell, so if you're considering just doing some sort of blanket thing that kills all three of us.
Iascaire: or something I heal, so I think it's probably just be.
Iascaire: I got it up cast here rooms.
Iascaire: 26.
Iascaire: two.
Iascaire: Yes, that is worth worth.
Iascaire: and
Iascaire: And then the fire spirit will.
Iascaire: move to.
Iascaire: Here, which is still in contact with the big guy.
Timothy Sackton: Right yep.
Iascaire: And then it'll teleport 15 see.
Iascaire: Oh it's it's yet to me into fire, so it can be read on the one.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, everybody faster deck same so these three minions die because they took damage from a failed save.
Timothy Sackton: This one takes nine points of damage.
Iascaire: yeah I didn't return.
Iascaire: yeah and there should be one more of healing actually so three more.
Iascaire: Because the spirit that's my turn.
Aristaea: All right, i'm gonna stab.
Aristaea: You can gay.
Aristaea: I don't know if he I don't know if that hits you have to say.
Timothy Sackton: It sorry I said it misses.
Aristaea: It, but I have another attack.
Timothy Sackton: You have another attack yeah.
Iascaire: that's good.
Timothy Sackton: now's the time to do a third level smite.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So that would be a da extra damage.
Delwath: I probably kill it.
Aristaea: hey my role at eight.
Delwath: Just type role at eight.
Just.
Aristaea: I don't know.
Timothy Sackton: I don't have roll to.
Iascaire: Roll them.
Aristaea: Sure sure.
All right.
Iascaire: Oh yeah he's taught me that.
Timothy Sackton: Ah roll your regular damage to just click.
Timothy Sackton: On where it says.
Timothy Sackton: click on where it says nature's wrath Pike.
Timothy Sackton: He had 68 points left so.
Timothy Sackton: Just like i'm bored with this fight.
Timothy Sackton: And the guy the.
Timothy Sackton: warlock the.
Timothy Sackton: creature just kind of melts in this like burst of radiant fire as you as you stab down from from above, with your pake.
Timothy Sackton: And he just collapses.
Timothy Sackton: With with the animating spirit dead, all the other on dead also just collapse.
Iascaire: cool.
Iascaire: let's.
Iascaire: burn this iron bad.
Delwath: Day i'm just experimenting with something yes let's put in this iron man.
Iascaire: I.
Aristaea: will see see this spell slide.
Iascaire: Oh yeah.
Iascaire: I haven't ever done oh I can't.
Iascaire: Burning and metal.
Iascaire: metal.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, OK.
Iascaire: Get 17.
Timothy Sackton: that's enough 17 now set so as you as the this like warlock creature like just gets shattered apart as arm the lake filaments of fungus and cocoons and things that are in trapping him.
Timothy Sackton: fall apart in his art, as you see, like rattling on his his arm this this like dark band, and as you reach out and it begins to keyed off and glow and then just shatters.
Timothy Sackton: You.
Timothy Sackton: Use see.
Timothy Sackton: Are you sort of feel the.
Timothy Sackton: From the.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, there you go you got the extra.
Delwath: yeah.
Delwath: So i'm looking around anyway.
Delwath: Keep listening to you keep talking they don't get distracted by my God.
Timothy Sackton: it's rolling too many D sixes.
Delwath: Yes, and i'm.
i'm.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: So i'm as the as the creature falls apart, you see, like all around brothers these bodies wrapped in cocoons like these little butterflies begin, like taking off from these from these guys like little sort of glowing red.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: The occasional.
Timothy Sackton: Like.
Timothy Sackton: Blue or like pink butterfly.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: Let me put on some slightly different music.
Timothy Sackton: And then you can see through.
Timothy Sackton: Throughout the forest like.
Timothy Sackton: You just kind of get this like sort of wave of of energy that flows through which removes all conditions, although you.
Timothy Sackton: None of you have any conditions at the moment don't think it does not remove curses, unfortunately.
Iascaire: I can.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you can heal again.
Iascaire: I cast this level mass healing.
Timothy Sackton: Although.
Timothy Sackton: Now the adventure is over, so it the bonuses don't matter you can add the.
Timothy Sackton: Mid dri and kona santee blessings.
Delwath: And so, as I like that you went to the trouble of I guess you didn't know what order we're going to.
Timothy Sackton: Do them in order to do that plus it matters for you.
Delwath: know I know what matters for me, but I was gonna say I like that you beat the trouble making up once for them.
Timothy Sackton: Well, they weren't quite as important, since he took a long rest in the middle.
But.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: So over the next like day and a half or so you, you make it back to the village.
Timothy Sackton: And, and as you as you arrive back at the village tell us where you started.
Timothy Sackton: Like the.
Timothy Sackton: The tribe is or the you know the villagers are sort of gathered around watching you and you can you can see that.
Timothy Sackton: You know they seem to be.
Timothy Sackton: Aware of your coming and part part way there when you get out of the forest you take a long grass, then.
Timothy Sackton: The move curse without you're prepared styles and remove curse.
Delwath: I am keeping this thing.
Delwath: better or worse i'm going to give it to seek care.
Okay.
Aristaea: I give you your ring back.
Yes.
Timothy Sackton: And and everybody, you know, everybody in the in the village is sort of sort of gathered around.
Timothy Sackton: Here let's.
Timothy Sackton: There we go i'm.
Timothy Sackton: sort of looking out in all at you, as the three of you return, and you can see that there's a there's a fire burning.
Timothy Sackton: In the lake where there's so there's like this tall tree in the middle of the village that's kind of like the Center of the.
Timothy Sackton: village green and there's the altar there and in front of the altar there's a fire pit and there's a fire burning in the fire and you can hear sort of whispers coming from the fire of the start of the description of the battles that you fought in the past three or four days.
Timothy Sackton: Every now and then it'll you know the fire will shift a little bit and and you know the image of the hovering our staff.
Delwath: I did somebody.
Timothy Sackton: Okay um the image of our staff like with her Pike glowing with radiant fighter.
Timothy Sackton: stabbing down on the warlock um you know the image of.
Timothy Sackton: The the giant the shadow Hawk flying the the.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: The armband from the giant team and lots of walls of fire figure way.
Delwath: I was like.
Delwath: That was a good spell our basic strategy seems to be make a wall of something.
Timothy Sackton: And ah.
Timothy Sackton: You know everybody's you sort of you sort of feel the.
Timothy Sackton: Power of terracotta in in this fire i'm bringing the sort of tales and probably now to grow in the telling.
Timothy Sackton: And you know, everybody, you are celebrated there's a there's a giant feast.
Timothy Sackton: You all get a nice rest.
Timothy Sackton: And that is where we'll end.
Delwath: yeah that was fun time.